[Music]
Give me that
mercury. Give me that mercury.
Mercury.
Huh? Yes.
[Music]
Give me that
mercury. Give me that
mercury. Give me that mercury.
Mercury.
Huh? Yeah.
[Music]
Give me that
mercury. Give me that
mercury. Give me that mercury.
Give me that mercury.
Huh? Yeah.
[Music]
Give me that
mercury. Give me that
mercury. Give me that mercury.
Give me that mercury.
Huh? Yes.
[Music]
Give me that Mercury.
I la.
[Music]
La.
Right.
Yeah. Come
[Music]
here.
Okay.
Right. Okay.
Um hello. Okay.
Okay. Let's see if no one everyone's
ready. We're here. We're gathered here
today, etc., etc.
for uh Minecraft is back,
baby. Or something. Okay.
Um, I'm going to undeafen and release
the the
creatures. Here we
go. Hello.
Hello.
We're We're on said hello. We're live.
We're streaming right now. Oh, we're the
live Baba. Oh,
we are. Oh,
we're we're going to do a head count cuz
I don't know who's actually playing, who
isn't, and who's like here, who isn't.
Um, but we are Minecraft today
right now in this call is uh Batty, Dex,
Dishy, Bug, Pin,
uh, Bean, and B.
We're all here and I'm ready to yet to
give
the yet to give
the URL the server
thing. Let me do it
now. I get it.
Okay,
guys. Mhm. Here is the URL.
Yellow froze. Yellow froze. Yellow
froze.
And uh it's it's Minecraft day. It's
pilcraft.
Jackie, don't. Oh, wait. I need to be in
survival.
This is pil crap. Uh, we might need to
change the game rule as to how many
people need to be asleep to mind. You
probably should. Yes,
uh, I need to find the command again.
It's uh, change.
How do you turn off uh, passive mobs on
the map? Oh. Uh, so in the settings, you
go to the options and then you just turn
off
uh you go to which map you're looking at
cuz there's two mini map presets and
then the full screen map. You go and you
turn off show animals.
Finally, I'm here. No more animals for
you.
Um, okay. Okay, let's change this
to say 20.
So, I think only one person will need to
sleep. If we have a lot of people, it
will be more. Oh, that's good.
Guys, welcome to Pilcraft. Someone said
broken rocky, so we're already off to a
great start. Chicken Rocky.
broken. Rocky
change insomnia to inf do insomnia to
false tier.
Well, we technically we technically need
the phantoms for some builds, I
think. So, oh, I get it.
And the thing is is it's the sleeping
percentage is set
to like 20%.
So, if we have 10 people, only two
people need to sleep for it to change to
to daytime. So, I don't know
if that's going to be super necessary.
Wow.
Baddy. Hi,
Fatty. Yay, bro. Yay. Yay, bro.
I can't tell if it's the so tall. Are my
shaders are just really laggy?
It might be the shaders.
Actually, I just allocated more RAM. I
wonder if I could turn my shaders up.
Actually,
oh, the shader. Let's do Let me just
I'll be there in just a second.
Hello. I believe in you, dude. What if I
believed in you? You're in a tunnel. Hi.
Looks like it's running fine.
Shout out having 64 GB of RAM. Oh, I get
it. Oh, that's so good.
Uh, let's let's do that. Um, sorry.
Bless you.
Thank you. I had to reconfigure
because because this is a different
install, but looks like it's working. Is
it Violet or Vile? Says someone. Someone
else. Someone else decide.
H.
It's the one that kills you instantly.
It's Ronut.
As a child, I yearned for the videos.
Okay, I think I figured it out. It was
whatever that continuous crafting
setting was.
Hi, I'm Violet Pony. This could be Creek
Flow also, if you think about it.
This could be creepful also if you think
about it. What if I don't think about
it? Huh? Then you're good. Then you're
fine. Let's Let's Let's go meet the
other pilfs. Where is everyone? Are we
underground already? Let me let me join.
Let me let me [__] let me join. I'll
make a skin later. I'll for the mines.
Oh my god. Dishy, you're green. You're
so green. Every time I [__] touch the
the Minecraft launcher.
have a
sapling. Go
your birthday.
Go
go go go. Oh my god, Bug. You look so
funny with the with the eyes cuz they're
so like little and then when you start
jumping it's like I'm watching a little
creature like I'm so chibi. Wait, you're
so small. Wait, am I small or are you
big?
Uh, Baddy. Baddy's tall. Is tall. Big
pony.
Got it. Wait, where's the
Welcome to our I I decided to spawn us
on an island cuz I thought that would be
fun. This is really good. That is fun.
That is That's great. It's always
tradition in all the servers I've played
in to always have like some sort of like
resource center in the middle. Why am I
mining with this? So like resource
center in the middle for everyone.
The island. The island could maybe be
that or it could be something else. I
need to change my skin. But for now I'm
I'm here.
Oops. I see. And as as as typical as
with the previous instances of of this,
I will probably allow chat to name some
of the major locations.
Um, which will very likely be a good
experience. We don't need to do that.
Why? Not really.
Just keep inventory on.
Uh, no. Should we? I don't I don't think
we're going to do keep inventory. I
don't really care. Just I just want to
know. I do prefer to play with keep
inventory, but we need to have the
stakes. I thought this chicken was
wearing full armor, but I forgot about
the update. We're running 1215. So,
yeah. Winaba. Windba, you need to
whitelist me. Do I need to whitelist
you? Yes. Why do I have to whitelist
you?
I don't know. Nobody else has one
second. Let me Yeah, no one No one No
one's had to be a problem. One second.
One second. Let me Let me check. Let me
see. Also, there's an Aelia
tree right here. Are you going to go
down? We might go down. Someone tell
Creek Flow. We're going down. I'll tell
Creek Flow. There's another Aelia tree.
I'm running back. Oh, wait. It's getting
dark from I like the island. I think
that's a good idea. Yeah, I'm scared.
Creature City. Not quite. Creature City.
Creature City.
[Music]
Dude, wait. I don't remember if there's
like candle
lights so I don't have to
dishy. What are we dying for? What are
we dying for? Well, for the dying. Where
could he have possibly fallen?
Oh, there we go. Okay, it was There we
go. It was my Minecraft was being
stupid.
38 alive.
Where? I have to kill. I have to kill. I
have to kill. I don't have to kill. But
I do have to mine
resources. This is going in the
yearbook. Who's first at 328 deaths?
Okay.
Is there a counter?
See, the problem with that is once you
get there, you can never die again.
Was it again? I'm alive. I ated a You
ate a fod. No, you're dead. Welcome.
Congratulations,
Spider.
So, yeah.
Oh my god, copper.
Not even. Everyone knows I love copper.
You're lying. You're You're telling
you're telling untruths.
Did you know there's the burial untrue
shirt out now available?
Oh, why does it auto? That's really
[__] I hate that. One second. You can
turn. It's It's a check mark next to
your thing.
[__] the
police. Not talking about those. I'm
talking about copper. The element which
occurs in nature with or without the
existence of police. That's not true.
Actually, copper is dependent on the
existence of police. Trust the sugarcane
babas.
No zombie sugar.
Hello Dex. Dex bro. Hi bug chat. Who is
the number one sugarce baba?
Who is the number one? What do you I
don't know. I saw pen plays sugar cane
and run away. So I think they me. Yeah.
I think pen penathy is the sugar cane
baba. The sugar cane baba. But what does
chat think? Gr I hate deforestation. And
by that I mean I hate trees and I
actually want more deforestation. I love
killing trees.
Oh, yay. I have a friend who goes by
Baba. I'm so sorry.
Not because of like their name. Not
because of like their name. Just cuz we
say Baba a lot.
It's a fine name.
It's a fine name. It's just scary. I
just didn't expect it to be brain rot.
It's Oh, it's I didn't expect to be
brain rot.
IPN. Stop. I'm [__] I stop telling
you things.
That hurt.
I don't know why my first goal was to
just dig straight down. Actually, I
might have found something.
Here. Look, Pin. Look at the firefly
bush I found. Oh, I'm getting killed by
Well, look at this trees. I'm going to
dig straight down.
Okay, you shouldn't do that. Yeah, I'm
going to be in a tunnel for a minute,
probably. I guess I need food. I did not
find much. I found the world's smallest
lush cave, but I did find coal. Coal is
good. We need torches up here. Oh, this
fucker's throwing trident at me. Yeah.
Yeah, that's that [__] has been doing
that. Kill it. He's dead. I I don't have
weapons. You have fists. You have
hooves. You have the ability to stamp
things to death. Oh, there's one. I
enjoy doing this, but I also don't want
to die. You'll be so fine. Hey, how do I
kill? Makes one full rotation.
Says hexagonal runabout. Big hexagonal
runabout.
Oh my gosh.
I found an ash
got That's not a good I don't know if
anybody has a other bed. Yeah, I don't
think you're the I think you're the only
one with a bed right now.
I hate gravel. All this
I saved you. I'm train I'm turning all
this off of all this. Wait, this is a
[__] terrible idea that I'm doing
right now. Don't do that. Of course.
What are you doing?
Dying.
Literally for swimming in an underwater
cave and dying.
Don't do that. It was an accident. The
second to 328. Oops. I just did an
arson. Well, that's good. Okay, we have
hand light. We're good. Handlight glow.
Hand light glow. forest fire. Wait, why
is my
Okay. I'm the wood.
And why can't I jump? Oh, it's Was I
inside of No. Oh, I see. I see. It's cuz
these [__] little little idiots. What
is this? Oh, is charcoal happening or
something else? Oh, I'll make I'll make
I'll make I'll make myself burn it. A
single fod. A single fod. There's an
ababna in our midst. There's an ababona.
I'm never saying this. Actually, I said
this.
[Music]
Noabon cave. This is really one. Yeah.
Gavage. Gavage. Gavage, stop hitting me.
Oh, bug died to bug. Bug died to bug.
I'm being killed by the [__] spider.
Yeah, the
spider die.
It doesn't like snails, I don't think.
Where's my [__] No, you died.
Here, I could grab No. Get away, spider.
I You're mean. Oh, spider killed. Yay.
Okay, I think your stuff is still in the
same. Did Are you missing anything?
Doesn't seem like it. Thank you again.
Yeah. No problem, Bob. No problem.
No problem.
No problem, Bob.
The bugs are fighting.
The bugs are fighting. Stop fighting.
Okay, parkour is being made. Number one
sand lover in the whole universe is you
chest. What is a lot of wood? Have fun
with that. What is that? I actually need
some of that wood. I need like I'm going
to take a bit. Why it glowing? What is
this glowing?
What glowing? Is it a firefly bush? The
what?
Firefly bushes. Oh,
firefly. When did they add this? I don't
know, but it's cool.
They're They're very glowy. Wait, so if
you take it, you'll just like decorate
it with like fireflies,
I think. So, that's so nice, actually.
It is really nice. I I think it's good.
This is so magical.
I Oh, [__] I like I like
your Chris Christy. It's just one of the
default ones. I'm going to make a
different skin later. I just didn't I
didn't have the time to make a whole
skin cuz it takes I I put effort into
making Still so cool. Well, I'm stealing
this torch. Actually, I will be okay.
I'm headed booger.
Booger. I guess you could say that if
you want to. If you want to. If you want
to, but I don't think you should want
to. Oh, night is ending.
I'm putting torches around our island.
Something that's good to say is the word
potato.
Potato. Frittata.
Rot frittata. Oh, there's a gender here.
Oh, there's a gender here. Gender.
Oh, gender.
Good, good, good. Okay, let's go. Oh, I
do need food a little, but I can get
food later. It's fine. I also need food.
I should follow I'm going to go become
the mining baba. Get food. Guys, should
we make Should we make a Pilford's
village?
Yeah, the village of Pilford is Pidge.
Where should we put it?
We could put it somewhere. There's
no surface for that. And somewhere
probably not on the main island, but on
some of the land maybe we could make a
bridge. That'd be nice. Yes. Like make a
very prosperous bridge that is not even
a little bit ruinous.
It would never be ruinous. Never ever
never
ever. Okay, I shall set up a little
camp. Does it ruin us?
You have a what? What do you have?
Okay. You should have had a gun.
Oh, this thing's like a baby. Oh, hello
Enderman. I'm going to kill you.
I need food.
Just murdered my first Ababa.
Good job. I'm going to dig in the
mountain like little little
camp. I just hear an enderman
suffocating and dying.
[Laughter]
It just died. the gender.
The gender gender.
Whoops. I don't want to do that. Oh, I'm
out of food. Whatever. It's fine. I
don't need food to live. Um, just start
planting [__] So, we have the same
philosophy as real life.
They're a baby.
Oh, hello. Found some fox.
You found some what? Some foxes. There's
many of them. They're running. Oh. Oh,
that's nice. in fear as they should. Um,
you have a bad Oh, I get it. You have a
bad This is so dishy. This is so
beautiful. Oh, what? Why do you have Why
Why are there so many crafting tables?
That's a wonderful entrance. No, they're
just stairs.
This is water. Oh, wow. That's
unfortunate for me.
Water is bad for you. I know.
I know. I find like one cave and it's
completely underwater. That's really
sad. Um, let's find another one. It's
not underwater. Don't drown. Pretty
easy. I'm going to go to a different
cave.
Make a sign.
Yay.
I am the planting b. Oh, wait. My thing
is uh I need to turn off my
bowl and then I should make There we go.
Oh, is it [__] How do
you Oh, am I
stupid? One of these
ways. Oh, that's evil. I forgot.
I can't spell.
Happens.
Oh, hello random raw chicken. I'll eat
you. Don't eat raw chicken. Chicken. I
love raw chicken. It was actually a
rabbit. I just misidentified it. Why did
you call it a chicken? Well, cuz it
dead. I just saw the meat and I was
like, "Oh, that looks kind of like
chicken." Oh, dishy. Oh, dishy. Dishy.
No.
Dishy.
Was it because of the uh stairs?
Yeah. Oh, sweet berries. I'm going to
kill it. I placed a boat in the
staircase and I think Dishy died in it.
Dishy. Oh, so many. I found so many
wolves, but I don't have any bones. So
many squids here. I found so many bones.
True. True. Do you want Do you want the
Do you want wolf? But I have I'm like
300 blocks away from spawn. I'm Oh,
yeah. I'll get bones later. Okay.
Best friends forever. Oh, you got one
yourself. You got wolves. I make manhack
MP3 noises. I make manhack MP3 noises. I
make3 noises. I make manhack.
Oh, slender pony. Scary. We just
Slender Pony. Where is it? I mean Ender
Pony, not Slender Pony. Wrong one.
Gender pony. Slender Pony.
[Music]
I didn't know
yo yo yo yo
we did it. We found we found the the
roof. The roof. The rul. How do how do
you monarch or donuts? Not quite.
What do you mean?
Dude, what if we killed ponies?
Oh my god.
I don't iron pick. No, not quite. Isn't
it iron pick?
Dude, what is I took these ponies? I can
untake them. What do you mean? Are you
saying to me? Don't take away the ponies
from me.
It's over here. Oh, wow. I wonders more.
Um Oh, why is
that crazy?
Oh, well that would that would be it.
Ratty, come look. Ratty, come
look. Food. Ow.
This it dog named [__] Waggy. Oh, you
can't say [__] Waggy like me.
Okay. Okay. Okay. [__] Waggy live
reaction. [__] Waggy live reaction. Yo.
Yo, hit that [__]
Zi. Okay.
Zi.
Oh.
Oh,
wait. I needed to eat fish. Where are
fish? No fish. No fish. Where is fish? I
ate them all. Fish. We have a lot of
squids by us for some reason, but no
fish.
Squid in the galaxy. Squid in the
galaxy. I get it.
Be so normal.
Bellow. Who joined? Who joined? Huh?
Oh [__] I'm No, I'm drown drowning.
Sorry.
You're
going right now.
Oh my god. Killigan's Island.
I think that should I think that should
be the center island's name is
Killigan's Island. We can call us. Hi.
Hi. Mushroom stew. time chat. I don't
know how to tell you this, but Dash
Records is alive. Oh, hi. Chash Records
is real. I have a big
Is she Why? Why do you have so many
crafting tables? Hey, grown up. Do you
want Do you want Oh, cows to slaughter.
That I guess.
What? Huh?
Oh, what? Pen, what are you doing?
That wasn't me.
Who was it? Is
she keeps taking over everything with
crafting tables? I'm being for someone
else's crimes.
Can I borrow a feather? There's so many.
There's actually
What are you What are you doing?
I keep like catching on the edge of
blocks.
Oh, I see. Um, what are these signs?
What are you doing? Hello, Brook. I
think I'm gonna add to it.
You Gwen it loves it.
Can't say [__] waggy like me.
Found it.
I can't say [__] waggy like me.
[__] Waggy like me.
I'll make like Oh, like slimy three.
This is fine, I
think. I
hope.
Um I think
Why am I surrounded by the signs? Okay,
that's better.
Oh, I get it. You saw the warning signs.
It wasn't elicorn size. It's the
problem. Hi. You're so small. She
baby fish drop food when killed. It's
very that very good. It is very good.
That very good. I like it. Not bad. It
just grew up. Oh, I get it. I'm normal.
I'm normal. You're normal. You're really
normal. Be so normal. You said you
normal. I am normal.
I'm normal. Babies. They're just very
small. I get it. I get it.
This is awesome.
What happened to my [__] Okay,
whatever.
Let me just
starting night. Oh, I love getting
caught on the edge of blocks. It's so
wondrous.
Um I I don't I haven't seen like any
animals yet. I don't have a bed.
Yes. 911.
Yes. Yes. 911. I love the pony plane.
I know you love the pony plane.
Mhm. Okay,
let's another. Oh [__] Oh my god. Baby
zombie. It's like the It's like half
not
even. How do I How do I open the
waypoint so I can get rid of my death
marker?
You press J to open Journey Mountain.
You can right click. Oh my god, I hate
undy. [__] undy. It's Why is it
called undy instead of Well, it's okay.
It's 1,000 blocks away. Let me go sprint
over there. Way point. Way point. I love
going. I should have. Well, I guess I
didn't have food to heal myself, so I
couldn't sad.
Did you know there is a chance for a
drown to spawn on a chicken jockey? On a
chicken. Meaning there could be a
drowned chicken jockey.
Chicken jockey.
Chicken jockey. Oh, hey, look a ruined
portal. There's so many crafting tables.
There's There's nothing a decent amount.
Those are just stairs.
These aren't stairs. This is a house.
It's in the shape of a house.
Those are just stairs. Don't you get it?
Oh, stairs. I'm stuck.
Batty, they're just stairs.
Just stairs. The new hit game.
Just stairs.
Going to be
okay. Just stairs.
Oh.
All I get is just stairs when I go to
the airport and say something that's
like really funny but no one else thinks
that's funny. Uhhuh. Yeah. Just stairs.
All I get is just stairs.
Hi. Now what if you going to be okay?
Not [__] sexy.
Stop.
Jaw drop. Jaw drop.
anymore. Mind blown.
Mind blown. Air siren.
An air siren.
It's just stairs.
Stairs. Calm down.
Be normal. Imagine building an entire
house of stairs. Yeah, exactly.
Yo yo yo. Videos videos.
Yeah.
Fat last of the last of the videos. Last
of the videos. It's the last of us. Last
of vids.
Yay.
I like water.
I hate water. Water is good for you.
Maybe I thought it said zero to players
bleeding.
Nobody's bleeding. I I chat I have I
have reverb cuz I'm in a big [__]
empty room cuz I'm moving. It's not cuz
it's not a voice effect. It just sounds
like that. Don't The echo
chamber imprisoned me here. The echo
chamber. Destroy the house.
Like to punch fish Minecraft. At least
two players must be bleeding to begin
the summoning ritual. Not what's
happening. Fluffy soul we sacrifice.
Fluffy soul we sacrifice. Sacrifice.
Fluffy soul isn't even here yet. What if
we kissed in the Fruity Reverb 2? What
the [__] do you mean? No, it's the it's
the Fruity Reverb plugin from FL Studio.
Okay,
dude. What if we killed people just like
in general? I know.
Oh, yeah. Sorry. There will be
consequences, unfortunately. Not true.
What if there weren't?
I'd be doing that every day. Somehow
three. That's what I said,
guys. I guys, you know. All right, chat.
Don't tell anyone this, but in Violet
Pony Movie, the second one, um 328
returns.
Nope.
What? Not even a little bit. True. Back
for seconds. I think it would be a good
back for seconds.
We're going back in time to take 328 off
the menu.
No, we're not. Really?
We're getting the menu.
We're getting 328. Can you imagine like
Saturn complaining to Arya like, "Oh my
god, my brother like died prematurely."
And Arya's just like the image of like
Jesus like bleeding next to the normal
person sitting in a chair.
I have no idea what you're talking
about. There's that image of like
someone like talking to like someone
playing Jesus at like Last Temptation of
Christ [__]
Oh, like they're like lecturing Jesus.
Oh, so many baddies down here. I'm in a
cave.
There is such pata down below. You
tidied up the tables kind of
me. It looks like it. I didn't. Somebody
did probably.
We We need food. I'm on one heart. I
don't know. I have food for you. Oh, I
would appreciate that a lot. Thank you,
bro. Now, I've been fishing with my
sword. Oh, that's so many creepers. So
many creepers. Creeper. A man.
So, we back in the mine. Who keeps
leaving so much of the trees left in the
in the sky? It's evil.
I just realized what you were talking
about. Who did this? Somebody kept
mining trees and spiral.
Why would you ever do this to trees?
It's treason.
It's treason. True. Treason.
I get it now. That's so crazy. Treatton.
Triton.
Triton. Triton's a beautiful reality.
Yeah, this is true. I think dude, really
everyone's forgotten about treat. It's
kind of [__] up. Someone said,
Garfield, are you a baba or a ronut?
A babut mean anything. You're just
[__] saying words. Oh, you have
you're the bone meal baba. That's good.
words as well as the sentences.
Do you believe in a Babnut or Ronut?
Do you do you believe a ba in a Babnet
at first? Ronut.
Okay. Not really.
All the plants and [__]
Wait. Pangria.
Pangria. Do you believe
in power theory or we need we need we
need sheep. Wait. Knight of the living
veron. I get it now.
Night of the living.
You don't grasp the situation at hand.
Okay. Ah.
Oh, it's turning day.
Shower. I guess I'm in the cave. Day has
no meaning for me here. I need to go
into the cave. I don't I only I only
have stone tools. Oh my god. Leaf
litter.
Oh, leaf litter. Yay. Leaf litter. Let's
go. Oh, I have so much leaf litter. I
have Why are you here? I know. I have
five stacks of leaf litter right now.
There's There's a polar bear in the
grass.
Oh, yeah. No, I got leaf litter cuz I
wanted to counter Dishy by just placing
it everywhere.
What?
Yeah, I have five stacks of leaf litter.
I'll probably grab more
[Laughter]
here. Does she want it? Does she want
it? Yeah.
Oh. Oh.
Dishy is so excited. I'm I'm not at
school right now, but when I get back,
I'll have plenty of leaf litter. Leaf
litter is my favorite item.
Why? Leaf litter is my favorite item.
Leaf litter is my favorite item. Rona
loves the leaf litter. Leaf Leaf litter
is really good. It's really good. Place
it everywhere. Place it everywhere.
There are several spiral trees. I know.
I I don't know why.
They look kind of cool, but uh I'm
fixing it. I'm fixing it. Is okay.
That is my chest. Marked 11 years since.
Hi. That is my chest. We have a chest
over here if you want one. I How do
there you surrounded by crafting tables?
Yeah. You also have a farm and some
sugar cane and [__] Literally a good
microwave.
Yes. That's my dog.
Oh, I see. I love eating leaf litter. I
do this all the time. Wait, can you do
that? I love eating leaves. Nope.
Good. Leaves are so good.
Like there. It's literally so delicious.
Yeah. I'm starting a
society. Tilford society.
Are we like surrounded by spruce for
like ever? Quite a while.
Ah, this terrible. Here. Here. Uh, look
in look incraft. Oh, why is it not
letting me Oh, it's being so evil. It's
letting me screenshot things. I forgot I
could do it this way. There we go.
Um the the the uh There it is. It's It's
quite large.
I want That's how much I have really
badly. Oh my
god. It's actually tragic.
Um for oak sapling. Yeah, I can grab
some oak saplings actually. Yay. That
would be good. We We need some wood
variety. I'm going to be I'm going to be
mining for a while though. They probably
have a couple stacks of iron at least.
That would be good cuz here
down here there's the [__] dishy. What
the [__] This is scary.
What's Dishy doing? Look at the tree.
Look at the I'm coming back. I'm not
even around right now. I see the tree.
What's happening? Dishy loves crafting
tables and leaf litter. Oh, it's so
beautiful.
He's so normal. Why did you do this? Are
you doing it to the other one, too?
Are you sure?
I don't believe you. Oh, I just saw
what's going on. Oh my gosh. Happening.
Yeah, it's scary. Oh, hi.
So, the crafting tree. I
can you do this with all the large trees
on this island, please?
Fluffy fluffy fluffy fluffy fluffy
fluffy fluffy
sacrifice fluffy fluffy.
Hi, Fluffy. Why are you cutting it down?
Hi. Can you see my Does my ow my skin
work? Yeah, you're fluffy. I'm puppy.
Fluffy. You're puppy.
[Music]
Yay. Here.
I have a fish.
Sorry. Take cake. Thank you. Cake. Cake.
That's enough.
That's enough for
That's enough for you.
Okay.
Okay. I like your cutie bar.
Thank you. It's a star but drawn in like
five pixels. So, it looks really funny.
Yeah, I was in a similar situation with
mine. It does look really funny. It does
not like certain shapes with the limited
pixels. It's not like certain shapes.
Why not have
auto auto jumpy?
Yeah, that's just an option in the
gameplay settings. I think it's in
control settings actually. It is. Yeah.
I Okay. Sneak.
I'll
go
print. It costs
nothing. My key mark is a Minecraft
squid. Okay, Mr. Toast. Okay, Mr. Your
toast. Your toes.
Isn't the world beautiful?
No. I ate it all. Look how beautiful the
world.
Look how beautiful the world. Look how
beautiful the world. Look how beautiful
the donuts. You get it? Mhm. This is
grownup parrot. Okay. You don't.
Let's cook this, too. This is my Ronut
paradise. This is my paradise. Aren't
you excited? This is Ronut Paradise. I'm
so excited right
now. Okay. Good. Good. Let's put that
here. Let's spit it out to there. Let's
put that there. I don't really need
that.
What is that?
The Dishy loves crafting tables. Dishy
loves crafting tables.
Worry about it. They're just stairs.
Good here. Waiting.
Good. It's just a lot of them.
I need cobblestone.
I'm the fish killer.
Oh, I do not.
Bam. No, actually I just didn't expect.
Oh, [__] [__] Come here.
I hear zombie. It's not even I need I'm
surprised there's no sheep. I haven't
seen any sheep at all. Yeah, I I haven't
seen any sheep. This biome is evil.
But Baba, usually there's sheep because
the the wolves.
We We need a farm for sheep. I've seen
like very few sheep. Yeah, we are
putting sheep on the endangered
p items list. Do not kill
the endangered pil. The endangered
piling list. Many such cases. Yes.
My mother's very proud. This is true. We
have to protect them until they are
repopulated again. Steam dingles off
your beex burger. I get it. Dingles. Oh,
I see a gender man. Oh, that's what it's
called.
I don't know who called it that perish,
but it's a really funny name.
Huh? What did I do? I didn't do stuff.
Oh, I forgot. I forgot Vor was just on
the shield.
Oh, yeah. I forgot was just on the
shield. You're on You're using the
Violet Pony texture pack, right? That's
Row on the shield. That's Row on the
shield, right?
What is the Violet Pony texture pack?
What does that mean? It's a Violet Pony.
It's Violet Pony themed texture pack. We
used it on the last selfcraft. Is it
good? It's I don't know. It's kind of
good. I I like the weapons a lot. It it
uh it also changes a lot of the like uh
a lot of the Minecraft um what [__]
the records to be to be you music. Yeah,
that's it's that's good, too. And I like
so cool. Wow. Also, um
the netherite sword is creepflow scythe.
The diamond sword is I forgot. Uh, isn't
it? That's my favorite. Vid, can you
mind? All the weapons, all the swords
except for the stone one are something
else.
Oh, isn't the wooden sword Vid's staff?
I think the wooded sword is Vid's staff.
I thought the diamond one. I don't
remember. I thought I remember the
wooden one was the staff of sameness and
the diamonds was Vids.
I I thought Netherite was the uh the
Lululemon Moon's scythe guitar. It is.
Oh, you said Creek Flow Scythe. I I
meant I never thought of that. That
makes sense. That's a good idea. The
stone one should be the gun
blade. You aren't the m You weren't the
lore baba yet.
Oh, did you make the texture pack in my
Yeah. The maker? You made something. It
was Was it you and Jewels or was it you
and the Yeah. Yeah. It was her and
jewels and Moonlight's on the shield.
That's throwing the shield. That's the
shield.
Hello.
Do we have any specific That's why
there's so many [__] spiders. There's
a spider. That's really good. We We're
making a pillford world. We're making
thrown up parasite. Oh, a sheep. Throw
up par. Does anyone have shears or do we
just kill it? It needs We haven't seen a
lot of sheep, so I wouldn't kill it.
Keep it alive. We need to breed them.
Okay. I don't have any. I have wheat.
Okay. There's a uh where I am, there's a
black using wheat. You can gaslight the
sheep to follow you. Fluffy, I think.
Yeah, I know this. I do not have you
guys are in the same area. So, I'll come
try to get the sheep if you like. Dude,
this mine shaft [__] sucks. It's
getting dark. I'm in the woods, by the
way. I was in the woods. I'm
getting night in the woods. I'm getting
someone's going to spend a night there.
Night in the woods.
You're this direction,
dude. Hey, why is this mine chapter? I
know it's so good. I also now have uh
mushrooms, so we can maybe make stew.
Oh, I have a lot of mushrooms. I have a
decent amount of mushrooms. You can
plant. I have many of mushroom. Oh, it's
raining. I have some red mushrooms.
There. There's red mushrooms. The old
man is not. Hi. Have you seen there were
around here? I'm going to call you. I
have I had How did you Oh, did you find
a I'm going to kill
you one? No portal food. How'd you get
diamonds? Mine shaft.
You're mine.
I need mine. I'm in a mine right now and
it sucks.
Played Minecraft.
Wait, there's Goggy.
Yeah. Oh, do I have bones? I want
There's a [__] skeleton killing me.
There's Goggy and there's um there's two
footing. What? Up, up, up, up. Stop.
Hey. Hey. No. Sheepy.
I wish I had wheat. If I had wheat, that
would be nice. Did it hatch?
Wait, was that a Oh, there's one sheep
there. Can I get this back though?
Chicken jockey. Chicken jockey. Chicken.
Chicken jockey.
I just heard a Okay. of some kind. What
is that?
Getting some moonlight.
That's a new I have like never seen that
before.
Mod item or is that like a what? What is
Can I have this bed moonlight or no?
Firefly bush. Oh yeah, that's new. They
added that. I only just found out like I
forgot. I [__] forgot.
Okay. The the resource the the [__]
violet pony pack makes it so when
creepers die they scream Dylan. Oh yeah,
I forgot. It's really scary. Can someone
send me the resource pack, please? Oh.
Um. Oh. Uh.
I should Let me Let me reenable the
resource pack. So, there was a sheep.
Oh, I didn't kill it. Fluffy, what did
you do? I didn't kill it. The wolf
definitely did, though.
The wolf ate it. This happened. Oh. Oh,
the wolf.
I walked over and it was
What the [__] It's okay.
What the heck? We didn't learn from our
mistakes here. The sheep. The black
sheep is over here. Well, not the one I
saw, but that's cool that you found
another one. If you want to come to
creeper scary. Oh, another mine shaft
lava right next to the other one. Oh,
the sheep's fine though. Don't worry
about it. Gravel. I hate gravel. I'll
try to get it back to the main island.
Wow.
At least it sucks less. The locust
anti-wolf was doing
canceling out wolf's accomplishments
every freaking time.
Fire.
It's quite similar to fire fox. Oh god.
Quite similar to fire fox.
They realized it was easier to skip Cool
Cool Mountain entirely. Cool Mountain
was now wamp wamp not good enough
mountain. Wamp wamp not good enough
mountain. Could someone could someone
send the the resource back? Oh yeah. Who
has it? A village and trapped everyone
in the I could send it. Good job. I
don't think I have the most recent
version.
Uh
I I think I do. I'll send it. Let me
Give me one moment.
I need to find amethyst geode so I can
build a telescope so I can zoom in on
things for comedic effect. It's really
important.
This is true. This is really true. This
is true. This is necessary. No one's
going to respect me until I can zoom in
on things for comedic effect.
I'm assuming this is I remember this
happened in your stream, too. Um, is
there any way to make the [__] like
tool replacement thing not yell at me? I
I just [__] killed it entirely.
[__] sucks so much. It just sucks.
I I don't know how to do that even. I
literally um um press escape, then press
mods, then press inventory profiles, and
press the like three lines. Yeah. And
then go to auto refill and just turn
everything to false. Oh, okay. Cuz auto
refill sucks and you should never use
it. I mean, you should you should in
combat, but like there's no point to
[__] using it here. You can just look
with your own eyes and be like, "Wow, my
tool's low on durability. I should
switch it." And it's like, right. Yeah,
cuz it's like a wooden pickaxe and it's
like, "Excuse me." Annoying. Yeah, I
don't care. I don't care.
How do you turn it off again? I hear an
animal. Uh, you go to uh I hear an
animal. Go to mods. Go to [__]
inventory thingy and then just turn all
the things to
[Music]
puppy.
Daddy. Yay, bro.
Yay, bro.
Yay,
bro. Yay, bro. The fluffy dog. Puffy
dog. Puffy dog. Puffy dog. Puffy dog.
Said bro.
My doggy. Everything is conspiring to
kill me. So, bro, why does it
[Music]
Why does it
Okay. Oh my gosh.
I'm getting so sleepy. I think I'm going
to go Rose.
Goodbye. you. Byebye. I can't wait to
play more Minecraft later, though. It
was so much fun. I'm really excited to
play more. Yippee. Yippage.
Good. I bet. Oh, Moonlight the the the
the texture pack.
Wait, what?
Good.
Good night, bro. Good night,
bro. Bye. Oh, I still have the sheep.
That's good. Can I get the sheep across
across the river? Oh my Skirix. I need
to fix this.
Oh my.
Oh my god. It's equivalent to saying oh
my god. Except Yeah, that's what I was
thinking. Yeah, of course. I don't know
how to get the sheep across the water.
I'm ready. You go across the water. Do
you take the wolf or the grain of rice
or the sheep first? Do you want $1
million or one disgusting penny? I don't
know. I don't know. I don't know.
I don't know. Toys. Toys. Toys. Toys.
Yeah. Change the font. The font's bubba.
The font. Bubba. Oh,
oh. Oh, dra sword. Yeah. Oh, yeah.
That's the other one. That's the
obviously I do. But it's really good. I
really like it. That's cool.
Can I install it while I'm playing the
game or guys? I have the dubstep growl
sword. You can put it in. I think it'll
be fine. I I wish I could have like the
best sword and also have it look like
the dubep staff. It's really cool. I
think it's a wave from of the the
payment break.
Yeah, if it's based off Dub's cutie
mark, that would make sense.
How do you um add a texture pack?
Oh, you is there you open go to
settings, resource packs, and then open
the resource pack folder.
Settings, resource packs.
Okay. Ah, and then I just like drag it
in. Yeah, you're a dragon. And you have
to enable in game after that. Crack.
I'm going drag
in. It says made for an older version of
Minecraft. It's fine. Just It doesn't
matter. I can just do it anyway. Yeah,
just do it anyways. Done. Sheep, don't.
I'm putting you in a tiny Noep. I did
not mean to I didn't mean to leave. Hold
on. Sheep, stay. I'm putting the sheep
in a tiny cage for now. putting the
sheep in. I'm putting the sheep in a
tiny cage for now. Yeah, that's what I
said.
My dog keeps making noises like it's
dying, but it's fine. But it's fine.
It's fine. And I keep thinking it's
dying.
Spread sneaker across the sock.
Okay.
You'll just say anything, huh? I love
something about words. Ow. Oh, I would
have been fine if it wasn't for that
[__] That's so annoying. Oh, that's
that's evil. I didn't realize it was
there. It's so hard to see. Oh, the sun
is
like the sun. Yeah, I dumpstep guns by
Corridor Digital when I was like 12.
Oh, why does the crafting table look
like that? That's odd. What does the
crafting table look like? I forgore. Or
maybe that's It looks like a Verona
texture.
Okay. It looks like a Verona texture.
What What should have like What changes?
Cuz the
normal
It doesn't change like general textures
if you're just looking around. It's like
it'll it'll be the same. Like would
would like shitty stone tools also be
changed or No. Uh sword if you No. Oh
yeah. No. Actually, the stone sword is
the only one that doesn't change. Yeah,
I forgot. I forgot for a minute. [__]
it. Yeah. The the
Okay. All right. So, when I get cool
things, it'll probably be noticeable.
Yes. Yeah. Yavage. Yeah. Yavage.
Yeah. Yavage.
Yavage.
So lost on the flock.
I don't know. I'm pretty sure what I
always do at the store, which is gather
a [__] ton of iron. After that, I don't
really know what I do, but I just Well,
[__] of iron is good. I get much iron
and some diamonds and I like come back
like, "Hi guys, here's all your [__]
shit." And then like I don't know what I
do after that really. I'm like not the
Minecraft. I want I'm doing the thing
with the trees. All right. All right.
Normally,
uh, when when I play Minecraft normally,
it's in worlds where I've got a lot more
progress and I can just [__] around and
build things without having to worry
about like really gathering materials
because I have good [__]
How do I make a gate?
I'll get some food. I guess that might
be a good thing to do. Food is good. Oh,
I make a gate like this.
Oh. Oh my
god. Oh, stop drowning me. I have a
family. Like, whatever, dude. Breathe
underwater. Whatever. Don't drown.
Sounds like a skill issue. Whatever.
Sounds like a you problem.
I made a sheep pen with one sheep.
Single sheep. I'm not looking at chat.
Are they having fun? Yeah, I can do that
like stream chat. I mean, how do you
make a bowl?
Uh, three wood. Three wood planks in
like a U shape. Let me pull up the
stream just so I can like look at chat.
Congrats, Frout.
Congrats, Fro. Yeah, let me pull up on
chat.
Not really, dude. Dude, what if we were
at the worst rave ever and you were
like, "What if I killed you and then you
killed me?" Ever. Whatever. That would
just be like the average rave.
Fair enough.
Oh, the average. I get it.
Ever. Average. It's so dark. I can't see
[__] Okay. I I acquired one sheep. Oh,
one of them even.
One sheep. Two sheep. Red sheep. Two
sheep. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. me
out.
Who am I? Where am I? What's my name?
Yeah, I'm really lame.
Wait, spread Elon across the Gro, right?
Yeah, bro. Spread eagle the baby Groank.
Sorry.
Flipping a grunt.
Grock won't tell me how to solve my
marriage.
Dude, what if we I wonder whenever Elon
Musk like kills himself if like people
people on people on Twitter would be
like, "Grock, is this true?"
Yes. Well, yeah, they will obviously.
Oh, spider. Oh, and also other H. Ah,
I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. Don't
do that. You're fine. You're fine. Oh,
you're not fine. You're
not actually. Okay. Well, that I now see
the the dead screen. You are [__]
died. Undy or give. Oh, yeah. Screen. I
forgot. Oh, can I sleep? Lava. I forgot.
Oh, yeah. It shows me where I died. I
will sleep.
You also have to manually delete your
death marker, I think. Oh, am I clear?
If you go towards You can turn it You
can turn it to automatically delete
after you die again. I need to I need to
make a house.
A house has a door.
Not quite. A radish is a type of nut. It
is me. It's a type of nut. I always
remember when I had none left. Jeez.
What? I was standing outside my I was
standing on the inside of my barn with
my hands on my hips accomplishing my
disgusting barn cry when suddenly I hear
the creek of wheels and a red radio fire
wagon rolls through the door of my barn.
A house that's a homer.
God isn't real.
God is real, but he doesn't God is real,
but he doesn't do anything. I know that
because I found laundry in my barn. My
barn?
What the [__] was What? Where am I
going, by the way? What was that? Where
am I?
Hey. Okay. Wait. Wait. What's Oh,
zombie. Hi. Hi. Hey. Hey. Stop that.
Oh, okay. I That was just how it was. I
just had it in my inventory, so I wasn't
able to see it. So the wooden sword is
the wolf staff.
It's the staff of sameness. That's I
mean that's from My Little Pony the show
TV show. That's a MLP thing. Well, I
don't know. I don't know what that is
really. Well, the thing that Scarlet
uses in that one arc. Is it Is it like
the show that like based itself off of
Violet Pony? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Okay. Don't bap. Bap. Bap. Bap. Bap. Why
are we hitting? Hitting good. Papy.
Hitting good. Evil style. Oh, how do I
get I just want to leave this game.
Opa style. Opa style.
Oh. Oh. How do I get to somewhere that
doesn't suck? Oh. Oh. Why do I fix
everything I touch?
Not even what I'm saying. Actually,
quite the opposite. Right. Boomer. Why
do I kill every If I have to dig up, I'm
going to eat my Why do I ruin your own?
Why does my dog make We're back here
again. I keep coming around here.
Why is my dog so pathetic? My dog is so
pathetic. It keeps sounding like it's
dying, but it's fine. It's fine. It's
literally fine. Literally fine. Why
can't it be normal?
It's just like ah the pain. It's like
you're so special.
Whatever. Whatever.
Yava.
I think I found Was Did anyone else find
a broken portal thing? Yeah.
Okay. I'm not special. That's fine.
You're not special. You're fine. You're
not special. Oh. Oh, the bats are Oh,
it's a batty. Yeah. Oh, yeah. The bats
are bad.
It's batty bat. Oh, that's so kind. It's
Bata. Oh, did she died?
You never spread their wings and flew.
It says, "Oh, did she How'd you fall to
your death again?" Hold on. Let me see
if I can get a screenshot for you,
Baddy. It's It's really good. [__] It's
moving all around, but um I don't think
I I think the bats are like kind of off
because they updated the bat model.
They have like They are a little off.
It's like a little off, but I could the
colors I could immediately tell.
Yeah, it's pretty much
I need to do things. Oh, guys, I ran it
out. I [__] did it. Yay.
Oh, I found a little hole for you.
Oh, red eagle across the slop.
Not even
I found a amethyst geode. I know that
you wanted that,
but chicken across the jock. God damn
it. When did you
Who's forcing you to say these things? I
don't know.
The voices. The voices. The voices. The
voices.
They're in my head. That's true. Where
am I? Where am I? What's my name? What
are they? What are they?
Spread. Not saying that. That's stupid.
Spread chicken across the jock. All
right. It's funny. That's scary. Don't
say that. Never mind. I stole it from
chat, so it's not my fault. Don't say
what chat says. Don't say what says cuz
they're not normal. Chat. Yeah, we're so
normal. Oh, we're perfectly normal.
Don't worry about it. Perfectly normal.
I get it, Pin. I don't like hearing my
own voice. It's scary. I I don't like
listening back to the streams I'm in.
Yeah, that's
fair. I have to kind of get used.
There's so many bata
There's so many bata. So many of them
even
daddy invasion. I'm try I can't get a
screen cuz if I tab out then it doesn't
let me screenshot. Hold on.
Uh if you unfold screen it lets you
screenshot like normal.
Is there a Buffy? Just command shift
three.
That would work, I suppose. Okay. Uh,
okay.
Battalion. Stop. Stop. Stop moving.
Beta, hold on. Can you They're moving so
much. They love running around.
village. Oh, I should turn the Minecraft
music on.
I turned that down.
Daddy, you found my orphan crusher. Oh,
normal thing to say. Yes, that is
normal.
Okay, I got a
few. Oh my god. Your your your
uh texture pack is real life. Moonlight.
Yeah. Do that. Yeah. Among Us in real
life. No.
Among Us in real life. Sleeper agent.
Among us. Who's the impostor looking
sus? Who can we trust? Who's the
impostor looking sus? We should send the
whole video in general. I only found
village and there's already all
villagers trapped in a pit. Why do this?
I don't like them.
So mean. That's good to do.
I go back in the imposttor and who's
looking sus.
What
disappear?
A creeper just exploded behind me and I
heard a Dylan. All right. They're not
the best. This is my attempt to
screenshot them. They wouldn't stop
moving. Here you go, Ba.
Scary. But that's okay. Room. But they
they have baddy color. But yeah, it's
for like the old model, I think. Yeah,
it's for the old model, so it's kind of
[__] up. But But they still batty. But
they still batty. Oh, that's my singular
sheep.
Oh, that's my singular sheep.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Flag nights at
ronuts. So true. Not
quite. [__] hate grip stone. Okay.
Come on. Come
on. Ow. Ow. Oh,
thanks, I guess.
Oh, you don't like it?
No. Oh, you don't like it? Or do you
just not like me? Sorry, I don't treat
you like a
saying this. It's like the the the
lesbian.
Yeah, you can't say that one.
People in stream should check a state
farm at Super World right now. Oh boy.
I'm going to check right now. I was
going to mine. I'm not going to check.
I'm going to check right now.
Go check state farm. That's okay. I'm
not checking anymore. I don't want it.
What is it? I don't want it. I played it
for two seconds. I'm like, nope. Nuhuh.
Cool.
Pretty
cool. It's kind of cool. It's really
good. Like cool. Trust me. I don't trust
you. You can trust me. Oh, I found the
I I found the neatly. I will of you for
being bald. The Vonut ravine even.
The Vonut ravine.
Oh, you guys have built houses and [__]
I need to build a house. I was Oh, what
did you killing people with hatchets and
whatnot? Killing people. Killing people
with hatchets and whatnot. Okay.
Honestly, I I don't even make a house. I
just dump all my stuff outside.
I kind I sometimes build houses, but I
like making my houses inside caves and
[__] more than act building an actual
house.
What's really funny is making a house.
I'm too tall for normal doorways.
Ooh, huge cave.
Could not
imagine. Imagine being tall. I don't
know. I can imagine.
Don't be tall. I'm sorry. I'll never do
it again.
I've never done it. I've never done it.
I did it.
Do any of you have any of like the red
mushrooms that I could have? I have red.
I haven't seen any. I I only have lots
and lots of brown mushrooms.
Oh, there's I also have lots and lots of
brown ones.
We love brown mushrooms.
I heard a gender man. I don't know where
he is. I heard a gender. We're just
calling them that now.
That's their name.
What's their name? Eep. E. You can.
No. In a cave right now. Oh, Eep. I can
eat. Something really funny is about to
happen. Something really funny is about
to happen.
I can finally zoom in for comedic
effect. Congratulations. Y Oh, okay.
Well, it's fine. I didn't have anything.
Oh, yeah. I do need to look. Do you have
any more uh telescope items? I want one.
What the [__] are the uh I I have a
bunch of amethyst I stole from Dishy
than my chest. Oh, I will steal a
amethyst.
Hearing Pilford speak outside of Super
World is so insane. It's like how are
these words real and being said? I don't
know. We love This is just what it is
like. Sorry for saying words. I'm not
saying words actually. Sorry for
talking. No. Sorry for talking. Sorry
for talking. Sorry for talking. Sorry
for verbal communication. Sorry for
party. Every day I'm fluffling.
Every day I'm fluffling. Right. Stop it.
We're not happy with you, Fluffy. We're
not happy with you. Hold on. We're not
happy with the Fluffy. I need to [__]
Hold on.
No, you don't. Where's the map? I don't
know where I am. Well, you're somewhere.
Wait, this exit. What?
What mod is the map? Journey map. Here
we go. Uh, journey map. Press J to open
it. If you want to stare at like a JL
or just J. Are you serious? SRS. Are you
serious? Are you J? Oh, I get it. Chat,
what if we killed
Oh, it's so chat. What's happening?
Be so normal. It's fine.
Yeah, be normal. Be normal. Yeah. Well,
okay. See what's up with this
oppression. I'm never allowed I'm never
allowed to kill people and drag their
body around and just claw claw them to
death, you know? Like, what's up with
that? You can if you want to. I'm not
stopping you. I love to do that.
But then every single time I try and do
it, every single time I try and do that,
people come and be like, "Hey, that's
illegal. Hey, you're killing that
person. They're in pain." Like, dude,
shut up. Well, just don't listen to
them. They're just They're just haters
of your swag. They're just haters.
They're just haters. You only know my
swag, not my lore. Know my swag, not my
lore. They should replace with swag.
They should replace oxygen with swag.
They should replace oxygen swag. Oxygen
with swag. This seems to be side of
intelligent life everywhere.
There seems to be a lot of smart people
right now.
No, you're lying. There seems to be life
on this Ronut world.
No, you're lying.
It's so beautiful to see a like a
crafting table like swimming out there.
I did that.
I gave life to it. Oh,
daddy die. The verata.
Don't die. Don't die. This the type of
bat that
goata flipping a grunt.
Nature is healing. Nature is dying right
now. I'm actually killing it. Don't do
that to nature. Oh, I found every tree.
Larve candy is online.
Is
online to kill you?
I have many fish now. That's cool.
I have the souls of the damned.
I don't. And I have some. I need some. I
think I got the short end of the stick
here,
dude. Can I borrow a soul? Twin. Twin,
can I borrow a soul twin? Can I borrow a
soul? Twin, can I borrow a soul twin?
Okay, not really. Clone, can I borrow a
damn clone? Wait, where was where is
Baddy? I thought it was flipping a
grunt.
I don't know. Not flipping a grunt.
Batty caught anti- flipping a grunt.
Does not know where it is. I don't know
the anti-rtonian.
I can see Baddy on my my map. Oh yeah,
the map. I can see Vatty on on on the
brat world. You got this. I can see I
can see I can't I can't see. I have
glasses. Help Ratathy. Go leave now.
Horrible my glasses. I'm like without my
glasses I'm constantly squinting or just
like dying. Remember that one time
Skrillex posted AEX Twitter? She's like,
"Where's the drop?" That one's cool. I
should be wearing my glasses right now.
But me too, but I'm not. You should. So
real.
I don't wear my glasses as much as I
should. Really? I I wear them like all
the time cuz my vision just is [__]
like I can't function normally.
I wear contacts. I can't see more than
like an inch in front of my face clearly
without glasses or contacts. Fair. I
don't I don't I don't like the thought
of putting something in my eye. It's
like disgusting. I like contacts. I've
used them a couple times, but I'm always
just wait I'm just too lazy to do it
like every single day. So, I just cuz
glasses are easier.
Fair. I don't like wearing glasses, but
putting something in my eye seems worse.
I've gotten so used to wearing glasses.
It's just like fine at this point. Yeah,
same. Oh, don't do that. I can't. Oh,
dishy punched me and then I
No, Cyprus. Why'd you do that?
True. I need I need a name tag for my
dog so I can name it. There are two
wolves inside you. One is gay. Things
are trying to kill me. Things are trying
to kill me. Things are trying to kill me
so much. Don't die.
There's so many blue. There's so much
blue. Blue and orange.
Yeah, unfortunately. Yeah, there is blue
and orange. 100% blue and orange in
love. They're so in love right now.
Gender man. Oh my god. Gender man.
This is too
bizarre. In my car.
How you going to help me in this
situation? Do I guess just actually
happen to a treacherous friend of mine?
I found a ratty. Oh, a doggy. A doggy. A
doggy. I found a new type of goggy.
What?
There's new types.
Oh, they fixed the they fixed the boat.
Last time I was playing with this the
pony mod, I was shrinking.
No, I'm shrinking. I'm shrinking. I'm
shrinking. I'm shrinking.
No, you're shrinking. I'm broing. I'm
broing. I'm broing. I'm broing. Row.
Row. Row your boat. So true. Not really,
bro. I'm right. Stella found a river.
Stella and found a river. I think we
found I found my first village.
Chat, get ready. Nothing. Is it the one
where Moonlight's crushing orphans? I
sure hope not.
I sure hope it does. I sure hope it
does.
I hardly know her.
Okay, don't even worry about it. Okay.
Yay. Don't even Steven.
That's a lot of [__] skeletons
I'm like dying. Yeah, that happens
sometimes. cuz it kind of sucks. I found
a suck. Why can't I
guava? I found a lava lava. Guava.
Guava. Found a guava pit. The guava pit.
I found a guava pit. Where's the extra
when you need a guava? Where's extra
when you need a guava? Dead.
You're saying a lot of words right now.
And I don't know if any of them really
mean that much. They don't mean
anything. You know what? We don't much.
We say a lot. What happened?
Okay, I'm going to die. Let me not do
this. Never mind. Wait, guys. I get it.
What about the ponies? No. You always
say this.
I've never said this before in my life.
You always say this and you never
actually What difficulty is this? Look,
I'll deliver on my promises if you
promise to vote for me this election
cycle.
I guess. Um Yeah. All right. Yeah. All
right. I got I I have no knowledge of
politics. So, I'm going to vote for the
person that tells me to do it. Ponies
and that's a good thing. Went tea.
Trust me. You can trust me. I'm
trustworthy. I'm voting
fingness. What the [__] do you mean? Oh,
there's a baby
chicken. A baby
Jackie. You do
chicken jackie.
Chicken jackie.
What are you? I'm voting for Joe T.
Bingness. Not a real person. You're
lying.
This person does not exist.
You're not real. Why? Yeah, you finally
get it. I'm not real. Imagination. God.
Okay. This village kind of sucks. Okay.
This village sucks. Wow. Are there
villagers sucks? Have you ever thought
about how the villagers might feel about
that kind of No cares about how the
villagers feel? No one ever [__]
cares. L plus I killed your son. Sorry.
No, that's a good thing to say. You
probably shouldn't be saying that's
funny, but like I actually Yeah, I'll
say that. We've been talking about
killing like the whole time. It's fine.
You could say it. We've been talking
about killing our entire [__] lives.
We're always killing people. Chat, what
do we call this awful stupid ass village
that doesn't do anything interesting?
Shitty guy's village. Yeah.
Call it Satelliteville.
Not even what the place is called.
Satellite. No, I know. But you just said
it's shitty. So just like call it
Satelliteville cuz he's shitty. Are you
implying that Satellite shitty? How dare
you? No. Oh no. I'm outright saying it
actually. But [__] You [__] said
stink.
I you got to do it. Ask for something.
I agree
with this place.
They asked for something shitty. They
asked for something shitty. When we find
a good village, we could call it mayhem.
True.
I bet you true. I'm true about this. I
know.
Yeah, but you're crushing orphans. They
didn't do that. Mayhem.
Oh, I have torches now. And I have
things and things.
Grenade at Mayhem. Grenade. Grenade.
Grenade. Grenade. Sleeping through this
grown at night.
I'm building a house. I'm killing
people. I'm going to live in the side of
this phony mountain.
Looks like I don't even have a home. Oh,
I need to get my door. We're in varying
states of of existence.
I might just remain homeless as I
usually do. I mean, you could do that.
We'll have [__] on our island.
I need Is everyone just like splitting
off into different areas?
Around the island, I think. I'm bozo.
Oh, I'm not.
Oh, I'm not. That's okay. You can be the
the distant donut. The distant donut
island be near. Our island is our main
meeting spot. But like around the island
is where people seem to be setting us
down. Food. If you come across another
village, can you name it Stankonia, by
Outcast? Oh, maybe
I just heard a sheep fall to its death.
Sorry.
Don't stop falling off of things and
dying. This Minecraft has an enormous
cave.
It's a good sentence.
That might be good. Wait, the enormous.
Are you able to share way points? Yeah.
Wait, Jack, you're like you're nearby.
You're able to on zeros. Are you able to
on on journey map? You should be able
to. I I the only other waypoint thing
I've used. You can you could share way
point. You could do this. Uh hello.
Hello. What are you up to? Um there we
go. I'm cooking my fish right now. Fish.
Oh, nice fish. Is there any reason
you're so far? Well, it's not that far
out, but I was just trying to find
things and I found like two iron, so it
wasn't that successful. So, I'm probably
just going to come back. That's fair.
But I've been out here and I found zero
iron. So you're kind of doing iron or
you I found a lot of iron, but then I Do
you have Dex? Do you have like any iron?
Oh, no. You just said you didn't. I
don't have any. Does anyone have like a
bucket or three iron? Cuz why didn't I
hear Why didn't I hear Dylan?
People have iron. Okay. Wait. They only
make Dylan if you kill them or if they
die. Not if they explode. Oh,
also um give your iron fluff. Yeah, I
heard Dyler earlier one exploded. There
was two of them and one exploded and
killed the other one.
I just I just want like one. Am I No,
I'm far away, but I'll come back. I just
want cooking my food. The replacement
goober. It's happening. My replacement
goober.
Oh my huge cave. So when you're there, I
need food. I need food bad. I have I
have I have cooked salmon for you grown
up. Oh, where are you? Salmon.
I'm
off, but I'll come back. No, no, it's
fine. I'm not I'm not at the base
either. I was just wondering. I didn't
There was nothing to steal from here. I
am the luckiest person alive. That
creeper landed like two blocks above me,
so it didn't do that much damage. That
was terrifying. Oh, that's scary. I'm at
half a heart just constantly right now.
Anyway, uh I can supply food. Maybe I
should something to kill like a cow. I
have like I have like 13. There's so
many [__] mobs.
Wait, there's like Wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait, wait.
Oh, hold on. Mine, but there's so many
mobs in the cave. So, I guess I'm just
going to like make a mine. But that's
someone to the island.
Oh, I found more iron. It's not. This is
good for me.
iron. That's good. Hey, I did uh decks.
Yeah, I'm dying. I kept falling off
things. A red mushroom for you. Oh. Huh?
Where? Thank you. Thank you so much,
bro. I'm on two hearts right now. Thank
you. Oh, yes. Here you go. You're
welcome. Thank you, bro. You're You're
the goat. You're welcome, bro. Hold on.
There's a cat up here and I have fish.
I'm going to see if I can I'm going to
see if I can make this happen. You have
brought fish.
Chicken jockey. Chicken jockey.
Chicken.
Yay. Fish for a cat. Do I need raw fish?
Okay. Uh. Oh my god. Now announcing
something really funny is happening.
Something really funny is happening.
Jackie and Jackie. Something really
funny is happening.
Oh,
wait. They're beefing. They're all at
war.
Stop fighting. At war bad. War bad. Like
I learned from Gundam. War bad. I
learned from Gundam. You got them. There
you go. No. See, the actual moral of
them is giant robots are cool. Oh my
god. It's bad. Giant robots. Wait, it is
Batty. It's kind of [__] up, but it is
Batty. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know why I'm
climbing this mountain. Look, the Katy.
There's like three of them.
Can you be normal? calm down. They're
fine.
You don't got a single chicken, Jackie.
Or you got to be doing all that. Okay.
Single chicken, Jackie. You don't got
the single chicka.
You got this. You don't got the chubel
of doo. Okay. Oh. Oh. Were you doing?
Were you I want I want shoes.
I want shoes. I want beer.
I want beer. I want beer. Stop it. Get
out of my [__] house. Don't worry,
everyone. The Lampert Lampert album is
coming soon. Not even. Okay, it's not.
Oh, I found a village. Is this Is this
Moonlight's No, it's real. Orphan
crushing village. Oh, the orphan
crushing village. Of course, the orphan
crusher is inherently morally good.
Moonlight.
Okay, whatever. I don't care. So this is
the fable orphan outs. Who are you? I
get high. It's the blue lights orphan.
I'm not
Oh, did are these villagers? These are
villagers. Yeah, they do village things.
They do village. Even if I had to spell
[__] Oh,
true. I like music. Oh, hypnotized. I
don't know if I've got burger fries.
Not you in the words, but you're doing
so your best.
I think big dudes are your best. Thank
you very much.
Where am I
going? I wonder
Steve as in I am Steve. Jake and Jack
from Thank you.
I don't know where I am at.
Orphan cluster.
Orphan. Where am I? I know my name.
I know my name. But where am I? But
where am I? But where am
I? Oh, chat. I finally have health
again. I found food by slaughtering
animals.
I'm back home with many goodies. Yippee.
Well, it's finding them if you I mean
lost food. Lost food. I get it. Found
family food. Family food. Not family
food. So that's just called That's just
called friends who are cool with you
like eating them. That's called
cannibalism. I hurt eating people
actually. I heart eat I heart eating
people. I heart eating people
right now.
There was someone at um there was
someone at at [__] Mayhem in the
crowd who like walked up to me and
looked at me was like, "Hey, please
don't eat meat."
That's good. Really
good when you buy the shirt.
My red bubble.
Does iron mainly spawn at uh I have the
lava buck deep level now I forget
surface level yeah like surface level
it's more common higher up but you can
still find it down there oh I can't find
any iron
well I don't know
anything I don't know
I don't know
I need items.
I need to kill kill. Oh, the iron sword
is the Oh, yeah. Moonlight glow is on
the shield. Yeah, I see that now. Oh, is
on the shield.
Uh, but yeah, the the iron sword is uh
dub dub sword. Yeah, I I like it.
I need to go mining, but all the caves
are dangerous, so I'm just going
to cave down. is still not on the shield
for me. Do you not have the texture
pack? No, I do. It's just when I first
got it, I didn't know who Bean was, so I
took it off and changed it. Oh. Oh, I
remember you telling that story. It's
really That's really funny.
Something really funny is now everyone
in the universe knows who Bean is.
I know who you are now. I I don't know.
I know what you are. I try to remember
who who I know what you are. Moonlight.
Moonlight. Do you remember that person
who who like made playthroughs of them
playing Minecraft with um the texture
pack and they saw they saw you on the
shield and they were like rainbow dash.
That's really good. Really good. That's
That's kind.
She's Rainbow Dash. Rainbow Dash know
this. I thought this was Rainbow Dash.
Is that a witch?
So, we all know about this character.
No, it's a wizard. We all know about
this character, right? Dishy. I'm dishy.
You're dishy. I'm gathering materials.
Holy [__]
Whoa. Whoa.
Where's our spawn point?
Do you need coordinates to find your way
back?
No, I'm just trying to mark it on the
map. Okay, it's I see it. I see the
island. Okay, this is scary. This is
scary. Wow.
Oh,
bro. Throw is for the dying.
I can make it. Dude, do you need stuff?
I can I can make it.
I can make it.
Okay, bro.
Oh, make it, bro.
What? Me? Oh, sorry. I forgot. I make my
trip back.
Make my grand sleepy. I can sleep real
quick. Never mind. There's no bed in
sight.
I should make a Let me make a bed real
quick so I can also sleep when needed.
You cannot rest now. There are donuts
nearby. I can make it. You cannot rest
now. There are nearby. I don't believe
you. I can make it.
You keep saying it.
You need an escort.
I can make it.
I'm on my way, you know.
Not even what I said.
You're just lying. Yeah, died. Oh,
wingle died. I can make it. You can't.
The maker even.
Oh, hello diamonds. I should make an
iron pickaxe even. I still haven't done
I've just been using my [__] stone
one for any iron I see.
Oh, I could have very easily fell down
there. I'm glad I did not. I'm the stone
pickaxe, but that's just because I
haven't found any iron. Oh, I I I made
an iron pickaxe or actually died. It
died. Oh, I see a village over there.
I'm assuming that's the one that might
have already been found, though. Is it
Is it a spruce one? Like Yeah, that's
that might be the night's orphan
crushing village.
[Music]
Oh, of course the orphan
trader. A fox.
Yeah, the fox. Nice. And there's also a
idiot zombie.
That's like in the water, so it's not
dying in the sunlight. There's something
in the water. Fluffy, did you get the
iron from moonlight? I can make it. No,
I'm not there yet. Where's Moonlight? Is
Moonlight at the islands? It's in a
chest at the island next to the sheep, I
think. Okay, I'm on my way to the
islands right now.
There we go. [__] die, idiot. I I
wayointed it as Ronut Isles. Ronut
Isles. It is Ronut Isles. Yeah, let's
smelt this and let's put this down.
Let's um let's [__] chicken up. Not
even a thing people say. Say
that.
People don't even say this. I can make
it.
Me following a stepbystep pearller bead
instruction. I can make it. I can make
it. Me looking at medieval torture
devices. True, true, true, true, true.
Robbotomy. Sure, chat. Robbotomy. Why do
you I can make it. Can you make it? You
keep saying it might be on something.
[Applause]
All right, I return. Where is
Moonlight's chest? Next to the sheep.
Next to the sheeple.
Something in the water.
There's horses in the water. So many
crabs in the water. True. I'm literally
in the water right now. I'm in the water
right now as well. How did you know?
You're in the water.
Oh, you ate it. Where are the Wait,
where are the sheep? Am I stupid? Where
are the sheep? There's one There's a in
the middle of the island. There's a pen
with one sheep.
Oh, I did it. Hello, Fluffy.
Hello. Above now. above and above it.
Oh, there's the sheep.
Um, and there's a
chest.
Where? Oh, wait. Is it That's not Is it
the barrel? No, it's the chest. Where's
the chest? Oh, it is the barrel. The one
that dishes on top of the door. on top
of
Oh, I found a bit of iron. Let's go. Uh,
dishy. Is it a barrel? Monster. It's a
It's a barrel right next to the
Okay. All right. So, Dishy put a door on
top of that. It is standing on top of
that door.
That's good. Okay. Sure.
All right. What am I allowed to take?
Ponies. Everything. All the ponies.
Ponies. No. Anything? Uh, I don't I only
really need I'll take one boots. Just
take everything.
Just take everything. It's just a lot of
boots. And was probably trading with
villagers.
I don't need more than one pair of
boots, but I appreciate it. I need to
take a pair of boots.
There's There's free boots. Oh, wait.
That's a lot of boots. It's a lot of
boots. I got a little bit of iron.
Close. I'll just stop mining once I run
out of torches, which is soon.
Yo, be so sillious, bro. Okay. Good
night, bro.
Goodbye, Van. Good night. No, not
goodbye, Dishy. Dishy. Goodbye. Good
night, Dishy. Good night, Dy.
Whoa. Is it okay? No, it doesn't.
Yeah, baba.
Not what he says.
Everyone look out for the kanji spingus.
Okay. Oh, I'm trying. Oh. Oh, I won't
try. I will try. The anti-rier.
The anti- trying.
Now, what if we took bonies?
Why was it easier for me to find
diamonds than iron?
Minecraft. Hello, Skullk.
Oh, you're in the deep dark. No, it's
just it's
just Yeah, I want to find I don't Oh,
whoa, that's a lot of diamonds. Hello,
diamonds.
I'm more interested in iron right now.
I'm getting iron right now, too. Yeah.
What?
What? What do you mean? What? Why? Why
it grows sideways? Does anyone look at
my look at my look at the tree? The
gravel.
Oh, I have Oh, yeah. I saw that. I saw
there was like there was like a there
was like a fallen tree. I didn't know
did that
moden trees aren't new. Fallen trees
have existed. All right. I woke up since
when how do you drop into your devices?
I've just definitely seen them for a
while.
The gravel bobble. Did I find it? Baba,
it's always better. Oh, I see. Oh, that
makes sense. I mostly play bedrock.
Was never book smart. I'm money smart.
Makes me more intelligent.
Oh, the intelligent Baba.
I like it. Oh, intelligent Bubba.
Patrick,
I kind of forget there's just like 30
crafting tables behind me. I was just
about to make a third
one. Another one. I think you're fine. I
don't think you need one. Yeah. Where
the [__] is iron? I ate it. Thank you.
You're welcome.
I can donate some iron if you I found
iron
to find her. I found a cave.
Don't know if it's good. Oh. Oh, the
swarm. The swarm. The swarm. The swarm.
Like Violet. Violet. Violet pony. Oh,
the beast. Swarm.
Iron deficient world. Iron deficient. I
might be
I spent last time.
I don't want to waste our time with the
big guy. As
a baddie. Everything's funny. Everything
is funny. Everything is funny.
Everything is funny. Everything is
funny.
Everything is funny when you dip your
jokes. Okay. Everything is funny when
you dip your fries.
Everything is normal when you dip your
fries.
Normal. Normal.
Where did that creeper go?
I am normal.
I am normal. I am normal.
Whatever.
The [__] is that? Oh, that's baddy.
That's a baddy. That's a baddy. Daddy
caught flat. Betty caught flipping a
grunt. There's people frowning at the
Among Us rap video. I don't know why
should frown at it. No, not really. Why
does the chicken look that way?
Chicken. Oh, yeah. Biome. There's
different biome. It had like a helmet.
Cows and sheep and um No, just I think
it's just cows and chickens and goats.
And pigs have a different That's a
chicken from real life.
Oh, that's a chicken from real life. I
get it. It entered the Minecraft realm
from Steve Jack Black. Oh, it's like the
winter chicken. I get it. Steve Jack
Black. Oh, Steve Jack Black. Oh, Steve
Jack Black.
Oh, the pigs. The winter pigs. No, no
one gets me like Steve Jack Black gets
me. I don't think that's true.
Well, you can't prove that it's not.
Yes, I can. Oh, how?
Okay. I can sleep.
I can say things in a specific order. I
can say things and they're always right.
Oh, okay. Everything is right.
Everything is right when you dip your
fries. Everything is right when you're
me. Everything is right when you're me.
There's a lot of animals here, which is
good cuz I kind of need food. Yeah,
there's like no animals around the
island a lot of the time. It's pretty
sucked over by like the snowier area.
There's like a Yeah, many
many travel to find animals.
We we need one more sheep to bring back
to the island so we can breed them. Oh,
that there's sheep right here. I see
sheep. Oh, if you if you have wheat or
something, can you try to bring it back?
That would be really helpful. But I
should have grabbed wheat before I went
past the island. Um it Okay, bro. I
forgot they do that. They There's
There's a couple sheep here. There's
there's like just um like like literally
that you see like on Ron Isisles, you
can like look out. You see like the
snowy area? Yeah. Yeah. Like Yeah. Just
literally go towards there.
That's that that's where animals are.
Okay. That's where animals are. Got it.
Animals.
Um Azie, were you looking for the red
mushrooms? Yes, I found one.
I know where a lot of mushrooms are. I
also before I know where I know where a
lot of red mushrooms are, though.
There's a big biome with so many so
many.
I've been making mushrooms, too. And
also fish. Yummy. Yeah, but killing like
the pigs and stuff makes me feel bad.
So, fair enough. Yeah, I get it.
But the orphan crusher is fine. I get on
my ass. No, the orphan crusher makes me
feel bad, too. But that's not mine, so
it's fine. Fair enough.
Oh, the cows are like yaks. I'm not the
one that's okay. That's not from the
violet mind. Orphan crusher is their
job.
They get this job for being crushed.
Orphans. Okay. Orphans get paid per
crush. I'm going to cushion our fall
with this water bucket. No. Our fall or
water bucket. You know what? If he said
it like that,
don't laugh. It's really funny what you
said. It's not funny.
Pin, you're in the me. Oh, yeah. You
found is in this game.
I can't find my way out of the caves. I
should make a water bucket.
I can't find my way out of this. The
bundler. The bundling. I guess the
bundle of joy.
I can't. I'm stuck in the caves.
Okay.
Oh, Bonoi. Bunny.
Runny. Babbit. Bunny. Babbit. Bunny. Why
do I Bunnies aren't like evil, right?
They don't attack you. No. like in real
life or no in Minecraft. You're thinking
of like a specific feature, but normal
bunnies don't do that. What do What do
the evil bunnies look like? Do they look
different? They don't spawn naturally.
You have to like name them or summon
them. Spawn them with commands and [__]
Okay. All right. Then I'm killing this
bunny.
That's mean. That's not gentle or kind.
Beth, you're so cruel. Be the cave that
you run in.
B. I I didn't find my way out of the the
cave I'm in, but I found a good better
part of the cave, which is good.
What if we took cave? What do you mean?
Wait, wait. Can't I like put the boat on
ice and like have fun? Yes. Yes. It's
really good fun. Oh, let's go fun. Let's
go. Let's go. Fun.
What?
Oh, I'm going at such an acceleration
speed.
[Music]
The noises.
What are the noises? Oh, I found more
red mushroom. Oh, scary.
Oh, I found more lava. Emeralds. Hi.
Hi. Hi. Got marks. Gotine marks. Why
can't I place water?
For hateful reasons. I'm going to
cushion our fall with this water.
Right. Right. Right.
I need to make myself the Nether.
The Nether. I can do that inside a cave.
for gore. When didn't you get uh
obsidian for the Nether portal?
If we have if we have a lava pit, we can
just do a water bucket. Water bucket.
Lava bucket.
I I have a lava. I found a lava pit. If
Yeah. If we know where one is, we could
just like fill up. We could
do You know what I mean? Doing the water
bucket, lava bucket method is way easier
than collecting it in my opinion. But
you need a lot. Why does it let me use
the water sometimes but then it like
doesn't
like if I put it here.
If I put it here, it it's not on stone.
Just not on stone.
Odd.
Thank you for collecting coins. Thank
you for collecting coins. Coins.
It does look like milk and I don't know
why it does. I'm a giant clam. Yeah, I'm
a giant clamp.
Oh my god.
Red mushroom for you. Yippee. Ow.
Thanks.
I'll come back if I find more. Yay.
Wait, do you guys want
like all of the animals over to the
island so you can make farms? Like all
the guys that would be necessary. Um all
the guys that would be necessary.
Just wanting right now, but like if we
can have more of them, that would be
good. Just generally cuz I have seed. I
could bring chickens back if you need
to. If if you'd like to bring chickens
back, we could we could make a a a
chicken thing.
A chicken thing. We could make a
chicken. All right. Yeah, I can do that
real quick. Yippee.
Chicken farm. Chicken farm. Chicken
farm. Chicken farming. Steve's lava
chicken. Don't you know?
I know.
How many people have seen the movie? Uh,
I haven't, but we're planning on
watching it at some point in here.
Oh, I forgot I can get snowballs. Wait.
Yeah, you can slow snowball. Bubba, I
forgot I can kill people. You
really keep
Maybe you don't. Watch the throw. Where
do these [__] creepers even appear
from? Where are they even
like where are these even where do these
a mans even [__] appear? I just
realized I could draw a red circle.
Don't call them the a man break.
A man break.
You know what? You know what?
Man breaks. A
man say that.
Isn't it iron pick? Isn't it iron pick?
What does that mean?
Like, isn't it ironic? Like the song.
Oh, okay. That makes sense. Yeah.
Doesn't the laughter like a begin at
midnight?
That has to be like a like a play on
words or like a word play thing and I
just don't get it. Does that make sense?
Isn't it iron that it's a little bit of
a stretch? But I'm like upset that I
never that's taken me that long.
Whatever.
Whatever. It's okay.
Okay. I have I have some
seeds. Uh chicken jockey.
Chicken. Chicken. Chicken. Jack. Oh, and
there's two of them.
There's one for each. One for each. One
for each. You're doing it wrong even.
You're doing it wrong. Even. All right.
You. And then where's the
other?
here. Mhm. Yeah. This
way. This way. This way. Mr. Phony, the
chat is loving Steve's lava chicken.
Don't be doing that. I'm sorry. Check me
out. Don't check me out, Mr. Pony.
He'll give us his heart. Oh, wait. Who
was it recently? Who was it recently
that saw that video and was just like
was so confused?
Yeah, somebody saw it for the first time
recently in Pilord. Yeah, I don't
remember who. Which video? The [__]
the Satam one. Hold on. I got it.
That video.
Forgot there was a proper Oh, that
[__] video. Everyone hates it. It's a
good ship, guys. Trust me, it's not. I
like the video. It's a good video.
Happily married, as you can see, from
Mr.
Just check me out, Mr. He'll give us his
heart.
[Music]
Who was it recently that like saw that
for the first time like like it was like
less than a month ago, I feel. Can y'all
sleep also so my chickens don't like
die? I still don't have a bed, which is
scary. It probably it might have been
me.
I saw it for the first time.
That's very funny. Oh, there's even more
actually that I can bring.
I can just gather my
doggy. My army mys.
I need to get out of the caves. No. No.
Stay in the caves. You yearn for the
caves.
Keep attacking my dog. As a child, I
yearned for the mines. Why did you bring
your dog to the caves? I didn't I just I
I don't know. I don't have any place to
sit it down.
I Fair enough. I guess could be anywhere
but the caves. But all right. I know.
Whatever. Whatever. Whatever. Me when
I'm like a coal miner and I brought my
child to work. I don't have a
babysitter.
I guess. I guess.
I guess.
Resounding. I guess. I guess you can see
the court has decided like sure.
I liked it. I loved it. I liked it.
Hella liked it. Hella loved it. It's
such a good clip. I don't even know what
it is. It's from like the Punisher from
Punisher TV show, I think. Yeah, I see.
I just really good.
Oh, hello. Who joined it? Hello. Who
joined? Yeah. Where is it? We're playing
We're playing Minecraft on stream. We're
We were literally just talking about the
orphan source.
What? What?
Ask Bean. Ask Bean. Ask Bean. Ask. Is it
Is it Is it Is it Cesium 137 or is it
plutonium or is it ur?
Or is it bankrupt? [__] [__] [__]
[__] Anything you desire. Secretly, I'm
still in the process of setting up my
internet.
Wait, how are you speaking to us right
now then? Uh, uh, hotspot.
Oh, hot potato. Right. Uh, uh, hot
potato. Boomer. Oh, right. Boomer. Right
boomer. Right boomer.
How is the new space
Tracy?
I'm down here. I'm down here. Okay. Uh,
it's cool.
She shrunk.
Um, yeah. No, it's it's it's cool. Well,
I it's on the the the fourth floor of
this this apartment complex and it's
very nice. Modem is working but needs to
res to be restarted. Okay, let me
restart my modem. Give me a second. Have
fun. Okay, bro. Okay, bro. Remoting your
stardom.
Sorry, Pen. I think this is your bridge.
I'm going to like kind of make it look
ugly a little bit just cuz I need a way
to get across the crafting tables. No,
like the normal bridge. Okay. Well, you
can make it ugly. It's okay. I want the
bridge. I'm just going to build like an
ugly cobblestone thing on it for now,
just so I can get across with my
chickens. That's water. It's okay, bro.
You can make it ugly.
I'm free from the caves. Now we got to
get I'm still in the caves. I'm going to
come out with a lot of stuff, though.
Also, I'm gay. Okay.
Also, I'm gay. Starlight's clever
oneliner.
Come on, chicken squad. Regroup.
Regroup. Okay. One, two, three.
Me. Me. What do you have?
What do you have the main island named?
I called it Bronut Isles. Okay, I'm
going to name it the same thing on my
way point.
Can you just not place water on like
stone anymore?
What do you mean? It won't let me place
anything water on anything but kill.
Look at your stream. One second. Oh,
they're [__] stupid. I forgot. Okay.
I don't know why it's doing that. You
should be able to. I have to make the
path larger so I don't fall off cuz
they're stupid. Hold on.
So, let me actually I need Does any Does
anybody have blue dye? How are they not
able to hit each other facing each
other? I'm not at face right now, but I
do have lots of lapis for blue dye.
I want I want to make my bed blue. Okay.
Well, I'll be back in a bit. So, yippee.
I'll beep bop in a beep. I also have
like almost three stacks of iron. 30
foot range.
30 foot range. 30 foot range. Okay. Uh
All right, chickens. Come back once
again. All right, jockeyies. Let's go
again. Come on. Regroup. Regroup.
Regroup. All right. All right. Head
count. One, two, three, four. All right,
here we go. This This is my bridge. Did
you guys This is my road up paradise.
I [__] Can we see the What? Did you
see that tweet that was like Google
Docy? What?
Okay, that's good. Somebody like
somebody like quoted tweeted quote
tweeted somebody's like Google Doc
apology or something like that and just
went Google Docking with like the fact
that it was an apology makes it funny.
Yeah, that is really good. Oh, what are
you doing, Peny?
That's me. Peny, look. Wait, what are
you doing? I zed out. Oh, Jack and
jockeyies. Where's my Can I Can I Can I
play Minecraft? Oh, no. It's in the
thread. It's in the forum.
Yay. The forum. Okay. The forum. Forum.
World. Top 10 home gardening. No. No.
No. No,
not quite. Hold on, hold on, hold on.
Chase, close. That one even here. Wait,
wait, wait. I I could Does anyone have
redstone? I didn't get anything. I'm
smart.
Oh. Oh, that's okay. If anyone wants to
Dex, can you make like some fences just
so you can like gate the pointy birds
in? No. The water is still not working
for me. Uh, okay. I will. Okay. I'll
I'll Oh, it's not I'll keep them
entertained with my water. What
happened? Are you not able to just leave
them in with the gate into Oh, where
where's the gate? Where is it? Where's
the sheep pen? We could just put them
with the sheep is my thought. Or the
sheep. I guess we could singular. I
mean, it doesn't really It's fine.
All right. Ronuts. Ronuts incoming. Oh,
what is on this? Oh, the guy's over
here. Okay.
The problem with the resource pack. I
couldn't imagine that being I have a
resource pack and I can place water.
Fine. You just I don't know. No, I can
place it. Maybe your hand just keeps
slipping, you know. No.
How How would the texture pack be doing
that? I have no idea. Is this iron chest
plate on a stand being used by now? Now
it works. Am I allowed to take? Okay, I
guess I just had to reload. Turn Yeah,
turn off on the resource pack for no
reason. Wait, wait, how do I take? Oh, I
um right click it. Uh, how do you take?
Well, I can teach you. Well, I
accidentally just broke the whole thing,
but uh you can just place it back there.
I'll put it back. Yeah, it's fine.
Scary
monsters and nice
nice sprites. Nice. Banger.
Voltage. Voltage.
San Diego.
[Music]
Slat. [__] Slats.
Father said,
"You can find me on
Broadway." Last vug.
Turmoil.
More turmoil. Crown Vic.
Um, spit fire.
I
got like the horse.
Yeah, that's what that song is about.
When he's like, I spit fire. He actually
meant to say, I'm Spitfire.
Wait, like Pter Rabina? like porter pter
po porter Robin's house. I'm so glad
because it's a fut lesbian. I'm happy
for it. I
I I I wish it were true. The more I know
about that I I the more the more it
hurts to think about the world in which
that could be possible.
I'm so sorry for causing you this pain.
No, no, no. You're reminding me of a
good world. A world that I don't live
in, but a good world nonetheless. Wait,
did something did something come up? Did
something happen? No. No,
it's just it's just him being it's just
2025 Skrillex. It's just one of those
things where like I've I've gotten I've
I've gotten a little too entrenched in
in in the EDM world and it's starting to
become painful. But that's that's that's
EDM's fault for being painful. That's
why I've been wanting to That's why I've
been like kicking up my EDM [__] again
because it's like I can I can I can
facilitate a genre space where it has a
little bit more personality maybe. Yeah.
The bar is so low that I think that all
you have to do is try a little bit.
I I love winning by trying a little bit.
Like even even my f like even like
beyond skill like I love space laces.
Um, I all I care for is the music.
Really? For sure. For sure. Me too. Like
the actual like space that that occupies
is so like
um pill crap. It's not particularly like
a bad thing. It's just a bad thing.
Yeah. Just a bad thing. Yeah.
I Space Laces is a funny egg.
He's very
funny. in in
if you close your eyes. Well, if you
close your
Hey yo, hey yo. Hey yo. Oh, is that a
witch? Nothing.
It feels like something must have
changed
at all. Okay, I
guess. Uh, I can optimize.
I can bring back
more Vonut creatures. Wow. Really?
I'll I'll make that my job.
Bing bing bing bing boom grownup.
Oh, sleep. Yeah, I can sleep. Boom. Bam.
Bop bop. Boom. Pow. Pow. Oh,
16 bingles off your beex burger. Off
your beex. Off your be burger.
Dingles off your beex burger.
What? There's no words. It's It's simply
a discount.
What? Dingles off your beck burger.
Think about it so carefully.
Think about it so carefully. Okay.
Stop. Think more carefully. All right.
Not not not like hardly. Yeah. The
prayer
journey map. The prayer palace.
Dude, when are they going to bring back
Thumbcraft? That's what I want. I don't
know what that means. I have an old
magic magic mod. That there was nothing
good left. Magic mod. Wait, I actually
believe that [__]
Thumb t h a u m th like thy
I like your
song. Yeah,
I get it. Oh, I get it.
Max get it.
Oh, I get it. Fun fact, there's an image
that that name is based off. Fun fact,
there's an image. unpack. I just
realized I could draw a red circle
around my images. I I love to draw a red
circle around my images. Which red
circle? I don't know where we're wait
Pilford room is like the main one now.
Okay, cool. Cool. I'm just making sure
cuz we're in a different VC.
Yeah, we're in the hushn [__] waggy
room. Use use pill.
I mean, we use the in-game chat for like
most of the time now. We have I don't
know if I had ever heard the word
thy is that how it's pronounced
Yeah. I don't think I heard that word of
before. No, I am. I'm just a different
magic word for magic. What was the word
from from Gundam today that like freaked
me out like pharmologically or
something? Yeah, that's like a normal
word. It was not that. It was it was
really [__] It was
one words. It was for It was for It was
for uh It was for Banana. It was uh like
a guit banana. It was You said it
actually. One second. I can was freaked
out by the word banana. Like a G suit.
Popping Gundams. Sorry.
I thought so. It was really hard to see
the audience at NAM. I thought when like
a G6 play the audience was like
completely dead. Um but actually when I
was looking through the footage, people
were going crazy to that [__] Yeah,
that's pretty funny to imagine the
bottles in the ice from my perspective.
I played like a G6 and everyone was
standing still.
Pretty funny.
Why am I Oh, it's it shows me as
Applejack on my screen. Yeah. Trixie.
That's a good thing.
What? Oh, well, I'm I'm I'm good with
being with being being a little Trixie.
A little trickster. Trixie. Well, no.
You're Applejack, not Trixie. Oh,
but you look like Trixie. I have the
arm. I found it. I found it. Gwen, here.
Here, Gwen. Just for you. I have the arm
of my I should make a skin, but like I'm
too lazy. Pharmacologically.
Don't you have a skin of the bear?
Not. It's not like made for being a
pony.
It seems to work. I My dubstep skin
wasn't made to be a pony, but I just
edit it. Edited it. Edited it. Edited
it.
Edit it. Why mess? Why? Why do words?
Remember when I don't like pronouncing
things? Hey. Hey, Tracy. Hey. Remember
when Logic Remember when Logic said, you
scared me? You scared me. White rapper.
Remember he said he's actually biracial.
So bye, Felicia. What? Oh my god. And he
did in fact say that in a song. He did
say that. Yeah, he did. Hey. Hey, Tracy.
I know that is the problem. Oh, yeah. Of
course you do. Of course you know that.
No, that's
No, and I already had this conversation
like a month or two ago. Yes, I am a
nerd. But yeah, listen, here's the deal.
Here's the Okay, there was a point in
time in high school like all all young
young chaps have um where I did in fact
listen to to Logic and then I grew up.
Yeah, same you know stuck in my brain
forever. If you're if you're a white
person and you like hip-hop, there was
like 90% chance you listen to logic at
some point. That is I couldn't have put
it better my if if I tried. I feel like
90% is still a little bit of a low
estimate.
I think he's like, to be completely
fair, he gets a lot of [__] sometimes
that I think is like I don't think he's
like the worst ever. Okay. Well,
well, most of the time I think he
sometimes doesn't.
My honest opinion is that he is
technically proficient. Quite
technically proficient, but he is corny
as all hell.
And that holds him back quite a bit. He
is, but I problem is that he's he's too
self-conscious to the point of like self
like he doesn't own it as much as he
should cuz like everyone's corny.
Everyone's cringey. Everyone does [__]
that's like lame or whatever, but that's
just like be yourself. Corny. Like it's
like I don't even think it's a
self-conscious thing. I think he there's
a lack of self-awareness. If anything,
he kind of does. I I heard someone des I
forget who described it this way, but I
heard someone describe Logic as um Bilbo
Baggins.
Not really. Okay. I heard someone
describe Logic as like if the biggest
like rate your music hip-hop head super
fan nerd of hip-hop culture got like a
magic genie lamp wish to become a
popular rapper. That's Logic.
Yeah. Yeah. And I'm like, "Yeah, I can
see that. I can see that. That's pretty
cuz he
definitely I don't know. I There's some
sometimes he's fun in doses, but he's a
lot of the time it's kind of like I
don't need to hear the the album where
Neil deGrasse Tyson is God. Like I'm I'm
fine." I But I did. But I No, I I did.
I'm saying I don't need to hear it
again. Oh, yeah. I don't need to hear it
again either. I remember being I
remember being Okay, so here's here's
the really rough part is I remember
being very excited for that album and
then the single started coming out and I
was like, "Okay, maybe the whole project
will be better." And then the whole
project came out and I said,
"Okay, I don't know what to do about
this."
I love that. I don't know what to do. I
don't know what to do. Collective
experience with this. I don't know what
to do about this. Everyone's just like,
"Yeah, I was excited." Everyone was
like, "What?" Hey, okay. Hey, can we
talk about um really briefly? I don't
want to die today.
I Oh. Oh, in like 2017, I didn't listen
to that much music, but there was one
artist that uh I did listen to, and
that's cuz I was white, which was
Eminem. Mhm. Mhm. Um, and I, you know, I
have complicated feelings on him now,
but like whatever. Anyway,
um, lucky me, Eminem fan of 2017. He
actually put out an album at the end of
that year.
Wow. And oh, was it the one that was
like a ripoff of the Beasty Boys cover
or whatever? It was Revival. No, that
was You're the even worse one. Yeah, the
one where he's like face palming on the
American flag as the cover. Oh god.
Um, and even back then when all I listen
to is Eminem, I was like, "Wait, why is
this like bad? What happened?"
I, you know, I think a lot about the
fact that I make the kind of music that
I do. Mhm. I think it's really funny
that I
do cuz like, how did I get here?
What do you mean specifically? I just
like I had such like like suburban white
kid music taste. I don't know why why I
I I do the things that I do these days,
but I'm glad that I do. Yeah, I kind of
feel that. I mean, I don't make music,
but
I'm surprising that I ended up listening
to a lot of other stuff that I Who let
the chickens out? How did we I'm sorry.
I was trying to get This is why we
shouldn't put all the guys in one pen.
Who let the chickens out? Jock. Jock.
Jock. Jock.
ution. Okay,
I'm got the I got the chickens. I got
the chickens. I was getting a bunch of
sheep into this thing. I'm getting the
baby zombies.
Can someone get like a separate uh Can
someone get some fences? I'm getting
some coal. Personally, I'm going to
become an oil baron or a baron of any
kind.
Red Baron pizza. Yeah. Aha. See, glitter
land.
Insane how much you get me. Yeah. Yeah.
It's our friends. Yeah. Yeah. I'll say
I won't say anything. Wait. Oh, guys.
Guys, guys, guys. It's getting dark and
I'm getting scared.
It's fine. I don't.
We could sleep. Veronut. Veronut. You're
an idiot. Oh, he's
talking. What? No. Two of them.
No.
No. I'm sorry. Bap bap. I didn't mean
it. No. Bap. Stop bap bapping me. Bap.
Okay. No. I said stop. Enough.
Enough is enough. I've
I've had it with these monkey fighting
snakes on this Monday through Friday.
Yeah.
Like Weezer song. I get it. Buffy, where
are you? Oh my god. I'm stuck and
scared. I'm scared. I thought you were I
thought you Where did you Where did you
put the chickens? I put them back in the
pen. I put them back in the pen. I put
them back in the pen. Uh why did you do
that to pen? Pen pen. What happened? Me.
Well, good news. You can get up this way
now.
I don't know. You can do this girl. You
can do this girl. You can do this girl.
Do this girl. It's okay, bro. Uh, who
who has beds? Who's the sleepers? Yeah,
Tracy doesn't have
Do you need food, Tracy? I'm sleeping. I
I might in a second. But first, I'm
winning. Oh, boy. More copper. Yeah,
you're the winner. I'm the winner.
Winner.
Okay. I think it's imperative that I
make a little hut.
or something and I find a a source of
food like chickens or jockeyies.
Jockey Beach to the punch. Doesn't feel
so chicken jockeying now, does it?
Beasty to the boys. Beast to the boys.
Um Okay. Well, what's that song? I don't
remember. The one that Rowley and his
mom dance to. Is it intergalactic? Yeah,
intergalactic. Don't question mark me.
I'm talking about real things here. No,
I
Bean, you're the outsider here. I got it
instantly. I'm saying things that exist.
I'm the network. Do you not remember and
his mom
dancing to Intergalactic?
I love um in Dire Wimpy Kid when um Greg
says I'm I'm [__] wimpy kid man. Not
really. Dude, I loved Dire Wimpy Kid
when when when [__] like Greg was
like, you know, remember that wrong one?
Remember that? I really like when he was
like and then he said nothing because he
was he left forever. And then he said
Rally hit the south. Sorry. I like when
Rally said uh don't call me don't come
by my house. We're done. Pregnant man
react to me. Don't you were shouting
Santa and referencing El not S. And I
also thought that. Okay.
I haven't seen Sinner yet. So, I also
thought it was an elf reference. No. How
can you pregnant react in Minecraft?
Really?
That's really scary. Doing that you do
that. What do you even do that [__]
pregnant react?
Wait, it won't let me.
What's up with these chickens? Why are
they like that? No, just look at them.
They look like They look like the
[__] base right now. I can't just
[__] look at them. They look like
Goth Phineas.
Oh yeah, there's different kinds of
Yes. And from an
Famous from Anne Ferb.
Famous from Anb. Fine. From Antb.
Phineas from Anerb.
Oh, if I see craft I got on. I [__] I
I forgot. I'm pretty sure the texture
pack does this. It makes water look like
powdered [__] snow in a bucket. I
forgot about that. Yeah, it does that.
Why? I swear I swear there was
cows on the horizon. What do you mean
milk? Why?
That isn't a violet pony thing.
Why is it
milk pony loves milk? I do drink milk.
It's funny. That doesn't make it a
thing. It's a reference to my life.
a reference to my life. You can't have
milk. I know you made the pack. Why did
you make it milk? Oh, wait. There's like
a reference to my life, which be like
um give me a snack, please. Okay. Uh
Okay. I'm kind of far away, but you give
me a snack. I know Jules made it mean. I
know. I can I can I can make my trek
back.
I can give bread. Yeah, bread. Are you
Are you You're over there. I can give
you bread. My craftia. I have fish in
[Music]
I am arriving
right
over. I'm here. I'm on top of iron. Oh,
giant ass. Yo, uh giant ass lava pit
over yonder just like in the middle of
forest. So, I'll mark that. Oh yeah, I
remember that. Yeah, do that. Yeah, I
did that. I did it. I did this actually.
I did it. Can you make me a sandwich? I
did it. I did it. I did it. We should
install the gun mod. No. Okay. You say
this every day. I I say it a lot.
There's a lot to be had. There's a lot
of fun to be had with guns in Minecraft
and mods. Okay. Not really. But there's
a lot of people a lot of guns. Baddy
also says this a lot. Batty did say this
when we said Batty grunt. Batty caught
flipping a grunt. Literal gun flipping a
grunt. I mean like up with it. Gunress
in the night. Right. Gunress in the
night. Gunter. Not really. Oh, the
penguin. Yeah, Gunter. We got the
orphans getting crushed. Tell him that
uh the orphan's getting true. The
orphan's getting
the orphan's getting sauce.
[Music]
Um actually
actually yeah. Um well technically.
Mhm.
God, I could use a
burger burger honey. I just realized
honey mustard. So I'm going to be right
back.
Dude. Okay. I've never like eaten at
Waterburger before cuz like I don't
care. I I eat at In-N-Out or like other
places if I want Burger, but I I've had
to like I had to like drive I had to
like drive in the middle of the night uh
like like a couple times recently and
Waterburg's open 24/7. So, shout out for
them and I went to one water burger and
the burger was like really mushrooms in
my house. I went to another one and that
burger was really [__] good actually.
So, but
like decent at least and they're open
24/7. So, like, shout out Waterburger. I
guess the only thing I have are these
weird fish things.
Oh, I get it. I don't have any burger. I
just have these weird fish things. Uh
oh, like fish sticks from Fortnite.
Um, not quite.
Okay. Well, that's your opinion.
Um, Gulp
Gulp V2.
Glop V2. Glut V2. GL V2. Yes. Yes. Bean.
I'm almost fat. What do you need? I'm
kind of
venturing territory at the moment.
What's up? Wait, you're venturing?
No. Yeah. No. No. I'm like the No. Okay.
I'm not.
Sorry. Yes. Zi.
Wait. Why is this pig like made of
stone?
What are you throwing at me? What? Oh.
Oh, thanks. Thanks so much for this. I
don't have Sure. Why was the pig made of
stone?
For fun. Why? For fun. I don't get it.
Tell him Fifo did it.
Tell him [__] did it. Tell him [__]
did it. Hi. Tell him [__]
Hi.
I have things for you guys. Here's um
Tell him four stacks of iron. Good
night, Pen. Good night, Peny. Good
night, Peny. Good night, Peny. Let me
smelt this. I should
probably leave, too. It's almost 2:00
a.m. So, good. Good night, everybody.
Good night, Max. Good night. 2 a.m.
Goodbye, Ronuts. I should probably also
go to bed, but I'm not going to yet. Go
to
bed. No, no, no. Go to bed. No. Hitting
is encouragement.
Hitting is good. Good night.
Oh, I don't believe in such things.
I don't believe in violence.
[Music]
Oh, why does it let me pick up water?
Whatever. That water's just there now.
It's a little elbow. Good heaven. Where
am I going?
Where am I growing? Where am I growing?
Where am I showing? Where am I? What's
going on here? Free free.
There's Don't nobody call me a cow.
What the [__] Did he not [__]
Did he not? Why did you jump scare me
that
hard? Thank you. Thank you for pants and
boots and pants. He was human, but he
was chicken and waffles and pants and
chicken and waffles. Oh, I found
Minecraft bee. Found B. Bumblebee B.
These are not consistent.
What isn't consistent?
Mhm. There's 24 block spaces in between
two of these and then 22 blocks on the
other side.
You should get a mod that destroys
everything.
Okay.
You should get a starting to look a lot
like it's honestly starting to sound
tasty. It's honestly starting to sound
scrumptious. I am so hungry.
Go get food. You can eat people.
Oh yes. Thank you. Cannibal. Yes. The
one thing I want guys. I can't pick up
this water. I I'm just going to start
digging.
Oh, this is the ravine of champions. I
get it. This water is just going to be
there forever, I guess. Cool.
All right. I feel like I'm going
to maybe perish if I
travel to this ravine, but um Will will
you guys protect me?
Mhm. I'm I don't think I'm anywhere near
you, but Mhm.
Mhm. Mhm. I'll protect you in spirit,
Bronut. Thank you, Brono. Thank you,
bro. Bro, thank you. Bro, bro, bro.
Yeah, babble.
Help.
Bro, what? Bro, bro.
Okay. Um, why can't I use my cheaters?
Yo, hop in bed. Hop in bed, bro. Use my
shers. Where is
my Thanks. Thank you. Thank you. Thank
you. Thank you. 30 foot rain. Where are
my shaders?
Where are they shaders?
What are they?
What the [__]
Five Nights at Freddy's. Ow. Ow. Okay,
I'm fine. That was scary. Okay, I'm
fine.
Complimentary shares.
How do I like raise my shield?
What do you mean? Just like like hold it
in front of your face hand and then No,
I have it in my off hand. How do I like
Oh, um, it only works in your off hand
if you're like not looking at something
the same way you hold do it normally,
but like you have to be not like you
have to have you have you have to not be
placing a block or um like interacting
with something. No, I know. But like
what do I press is what I'm asking. Just
uh just um right click. Yeah, like
normal.
Like normal. Oh yeah. Oh my god. Bloom.
Okay, there's
um
All right, I'm going caving.
No, wait. Do you want more iron first? I
have lots of iron. I have so much iron.
I'm getting iron. There's We have so
much iron. I'm getting my own cuz I'm
self-sufficient. Brona, okay, but I
don't need like three stacks. You're
allowed to steal it all. Like three full
stacks. How the [__] do you have that? I
actually have like three and a half. Um,
well, I mined it for everyone so
everyone can have so much iron forever
and we never have to. Yay. Thank you,
Verona. Okay, thank you. There's also
there's also like 14 diamonds in the
chest. Oh, we should make a box. Oh my
goodness. There actually was more, but I
used them for stuff, so Oh my goodness.
Why is there a really big letters on my
screen? There isn't. What happens? Don't
even worry about it. There there is. It
says IPN warning wooden pickaxe
replacement. Oh yeah, that's then you
can kill it. [__] kill it. You should
kill it right now. How do I kill it? I
don't understand. Um, okay. I don't
understand this. Uh, click. Click
escape. Click mods. Click inventory
profiles in the three lines. Oh, did you
install all the mods I put in the thing?
Maybe.
Auto refill. Auto refill. And just
[__] turn all they suck.
This isn't Madden.
Yeah. 42. I'm literally 42 years old.
I'm literally 42. I'm literally old and
care about football.
Yeah. Yep. Yep. Why can't I Oh, guys,
look at We have We have cutie marks
spinning, guys. Guys, it's Scott on the
target wall. Tagalo.
Wait, Vi, come here. Vi, come here. Hold
on.
Oh, help help.
Help me. No.
Okay. Where are you? I'm on the other
side of the island. Just
Help me, Gronut. You're my only hope. My
map again. It's like C, isn't it? No,
it's J, isn't it? No, it's like J.
Mhm. Look at it. It's on the target
ball. Oh, this looks like a
the
Oh, I see. So, there's a big old thing.
How I see every
pony options mini map full
screen order five guys burger fries.
I think I'm meow. It's it's it is
incredible that it's animated.
Dude, stop. You're How many Nights at
Freddy's? Five.
Five Nights at
Freddy's. This new indie horror game
called Five Nights at Freddy's. Sorry, I
don't know what that was.
I just don't get it. Oh, we have to
remember that they were good. I want to
stay.
Oh, vinyl finished BTHS.
Oh. Oh, hell yeah. Good. All
good. Why did I put the dirt where the
salmon was supposed to? Rest in peace,
John Lennon. You would have loved video
game high school. What do you Probably
not. I don't know. I don't care.
I don't believe him.
I don't believe most things that he
says.
He lies.
Imagine all the I'm
buying real.
Imagine all the people are done. Next
challenge. Don't even spend 12 emeralds.
We have diamonds. Don't spend 12
emeralds. We have diamonds for the
diamonds. Baba, spend 12 emeralds.
Oh, okay. I might have to turn off the
mod for now because or the resource pack
because the sword is really distracting.
Is it really big? It's really big. It's
really large. Like a big sword.
Big cow. Come back. Oh yeah, the vid the
vid hammer is very large. It takes up so
much of the screen.
I don't think I have the resource pack
on. I'm going into battle and I need
your strongest products. I don't know
about handle my strongest pronuts. Okay,
I'm going into battle.
I need your strongest berries. Can you
please stop pricking me? Berries.
Berries are very mean. They're very mean
and nasty to me. I'm doing them a
favor. Look how they were babying. No,
it's a Yeah. Yeah. Paradise.
Okay. I'm going to Bab god. Scary. Don't
do that. Don't do that. Going to Bab. I
need a stronger. Okay.
Okay.
What is that happening behind
me back
there guys? I've gone too far and I
don't know.
Oh, okay. Well,
then what the what the [__]
Do I You're not even You're not on my
map, actually. You're not on my map
either. I don't Nobody's on my map. You
might be that far. I'm not really that
far. Look at me sprint. Look at me jump.
Like 200 200
200 200. How do I go? I have the I have
the islands way marked. Do you need the
coordinates for like the islands where
we spawn at? Need food.
Wait, so if I go this way,
where are the others?
Um, I am off exploring. I don't know
where everyone else is.
Why? Um, funny.
What the [__]
I could die. I could die. It could
happen. Oh, I just realized where the
[__] is my mini map. I'm relatively
heading in the direction
of the
Oh, I found the location.
Oh, you're the finder. Oh, I'm the
seeker finder. Can we Is my internet
going to work? I don't think it's going
to work.
I've been staring at the [__] It
hates me being tiny. It hates me being
tiny. This is so evil of it. Oh, wait a
second. Do I need to connect to it on my
phone?
boys. I'm bringing back food of plenty.
Vonuts.
Yeah, being really tiny is evil. Being
really big is like evil, but a little
less so. But being really tiny is super
evil. I'm bringing back the Veronut
harvest. I'm normally quite big anyway,
so it's fine.
All right, guys. We have we we have iron
for the world forever. Yeah. So, enjoy.
There's almost three full stacks.
This is good.
Three full stacks, but it's not
enough. I get more iron. [__]
Somebody's got to do it, right? The
whole point of being big or small is so
everyone else can see you as big or
small. There's no more there's no fun to
it if you're just like tiny yourself,
you know? I'm trying to be big. I was
trying I was supposed to I was just
seeing if I could be small just for fun.
I'm big anyway, except normally I don't
be big because it [__] makes it hard
to walk around places cuz you're too big
and you hit
things like a G6. I forgot I was muted.
For some reason, my Oh, hi. skin doesn't
let like something with it is [__]
So, hi.
Uh, so if I don't have it set to
alicorn, um, I just glitch into ledges
and stuff. It's weird. Oh.
Oh, so I don't really have a choice. I'm
forced to be tall. Evil. That's sad.
[Music]
This grownup
haunted sleep. Uh
who's who has the bed? Cuz the bed. No.
Okay. Who has the bedling?
I already slept. It's good. Yaba.
Yaba.
Is it good for me to destroy the world?
Bowser means nothing to me.
Vi I would Oh, I could be back.
Okay, it's possible.
It's possibly
uh Violet
uh Jules in in stream chat says vi I
would uh make sure jukebox/noclock audio
is on like 1% cuz I never fixed the
discs.
Oh, okay. They they might be very loud.
Understood.
What?
What? So much has happened. So, what are
we calling this [__] village that's
on this mountain? Um, [__]
It's all happening. Where is the
mountainous village? This place is nicer
than my apartment.
Okay. Okay. Wow. Surely, you can't be
serious. I am serious. I am serious.
Don't call me Charlie. Oh, wait. Don't
call me Charlie. Stardust, you're
nearby. Yeah, I'm back at my house. I
need to get my stuff. I died.
I got him. Oh, it's it's Trixie. Oh,
Bean is also nearby.
Trixie, who did that? Stop. Who was
that? That's crazy. I was yelling at
myself. I'm sorry. I'll do better.
There's my bush. Oh, thanks. The the
bush. I'm going to live on a chair.
Oh, it's the It actually won't cuz it's
not grown yet. But I'm sorry. The Wait,
the knower.
The We're alive right now.
I know all. What would you like to know?
Um, how many chairs would it take to be
a mountain? Four. Wait, that's that's
like true. Whoa, that's impressive.
Can I Noer? Can Can I
Yes.
Wow, you really do know. But nowhere has
spoken. Holy. You really know your
stuff.
You really know your things as well as
stuff. And yeah,
you really I know many thing and stuffs.
Got the kick that maze. What if I didn't
believe you?
What if I killed you? Okay. No. Okay, I
see. Oh, the noer. I get it. What? No.
What? What is this? Fluffy. Me. This is
Hi. Hi. Cool. Oh, I actually punched my
dog immediately. So,
oh sticky keys. Oh. Mhm. Do you need
anything? Do you need like something?
I'm getting a lot of food. Wait, where
is the um mountain village?
Oh. Uh well, we haven't named it yet. I
can send coordinates when we name it.
What are we calling this [__] I
forgot what are we calling this stupid
ass village?
My apartment. That's a good name for it.
My apartment. This place is nice. We
call it uh we call it uh Regal Theaters.
We should call it like where I see the
Minecraft movie. Okay. Yeah.
Oh, wait. There's like a Oh, wait.
Stardust. Is this Is this your house?
Stardust. The Check the sign by the
door. Oh no. Okay.
I'm going spelunking like a spelunker.
Oh, the sanctuary. Yeah, this is kind. I
like the house. Thank you. There's
copper
Yiville City. But I feel like bad. Like
evil crime is bad,
right? Evil crime is bad. Are we calling
it Why are we calling it George Town?
I
I don't want to go to Georgetown
because why not? Can you guys share the
waypoint? Whatever the [__] you're
calling it. Oh, Georgetown. Nothing bad
ever happens in George Town. Yeah, sure.
George George Town. Get ready for George
Ton. Okay, the second one. All right,
big news. Big day. All right, Tracy. Um,
what? Hi. What? Hi. Hi.
[__] dude. That's crazy. I found some
iron. It's mine. [__] [__] [__] [__]
Please don't kill me, Mr. Zombie. I hear
you. Check me out. Don't Check me out,
Mr. Pony. Don't kill me. I have a
family.
They always say that. Like, okay. I
always have a family. Like, come on. We
get Always. every [__] time. Like,
dude, we get it. We literally get it.
It's O freaking K. Whatever, dude. This
is a big ravine. So, I went back to
where I died. All my stuff is gone. So,
that's fun. Ender pony. Oh, there's a
creeper.
Ender pony. Ender pearl. I'm going to
bring back many a cow. I hope this is
okay. Many a cow. You should think about
it.
I'm thinking it's really funny. I want
to do it. Water bucket.
Water bucket. Water bucket.
I was about to say, "What is this
thing's problem?" But it's just an It's
Fluttershy.
Oh, true. Oh, the horse. Oh,
I tortured one of those once. I tortured
Flutter I tortured Fluttershy once. You
guys what? I'm not even going to ask.
You Oh, yeah. You weren't there. I
forgot. Oh, wait. Tracy, you're you're
close by. What What What is the issue?
Hold on. I'm coming downstairs. Okay. I
remember. Oh, that's a really
I'm I'm downstairs. Can I read? That's
just a hole. I'm downstairs. I'm coming,
Gronut. Hold on. I'm coming. I don't
know. Oh. Oh, you're down Oh, you're
downstairs. I'm downstairs.
Uh, how did
you Okay, I'm downstairs.
All right. Whoa. Has anyone found this
village yet? I'm going I'm going downer.
What is this? Like the system. This is
Georgetown. Yay. This is Georgetown.
Hello.
It's Oh, these villagers are They're so
gay.
Stop being gay. What? What? I don't know
what has a lot of beds. Yeah, that
happens.
Okay. Wait. Um, forgive me. What? What?
What? What was the whole deal with
Babscon?
Oh, that's a question. That's a loaded
question. I don't quite know what you're
asking exactly.
Okay. Well, I don't really
either. So, I I just know that somebody
who shouldn't have gotten fired got
fired. I don't know what the deal is.
Oh, yeah. The concert league got fired.
Oh, well, that's stupid. And I can expl
I can explain why
um you have the floory. The it goes as
follows where uh Pinkaboo the con lead
or not the con lead but the concert lead
uh has like kind of like
um she she has like hauled ass to make
the concerts work for over a decade and
that shit's like super hard to do
especially for a convention. Um totally.
And uh Pinkoo is one of the few people
that I've personally worked with for for
convention stuff in the past. Uh and and
so it's like I don't I I'm not very like
uh like trusting and avid with the
average Oh my god.
What? I got cursed. Okay. I haven't had
enough Minecrafters tonight, I think.
Cuz there's a thing there. There's a
water tower. I'm I'm going to be the
Golings.
They're killing me right now even.
Bye-bye, bro. I don't know if it's
called a water temple. I don't know what
it's called. It's a not a monument.
They're killing me. Okay. Oh, they buy
things now. They've done
that. Okay. Uh gooby gooby chat
uh Pinker is like was like always like
really proficient and where almost no
convention ever has like any sort of any
semblance of professionalism. Pinkoo is
always like calling us to have
professionalism which is one of the
Pinkoo is like the main reason I even
said yes to performing. If it were
anyone else I would have hesitated way
too long because it was like whatever.
And then out of nowhere, they announced
that Pinker was fired like two weeks
before it was all supposed to go down
or like three weeks before it was all
supposed to go down. I was like I was
like really confused like what the [__]
possibly happened here. And the primary
thing is that after getting like shafted
by the staff for several years and
getting like [__] [__] around with
constantly, um there was a point where
uh she made a promo thing for the
musicians and and
uh the someone else in charge didn't use
it, made their own and posted that their
own version instead of pinkoo. everyone.
Pinkoo is one. And then all that
happened was Pinkaboo just tweeted, "I
know Babscon doesn't care about the
musicians, but I do." And like was like
sharing information and stuff.
That was it. And she got fired for that
tweet. That's lame. [__] that [__]
People who be desperate for attention.
Yeah.
Like, come on. And the funniest possible
outcome is the fact that and I kid you
not, the mayhem the concert which
separated from Babscon sold more tickets
than the con. That's That's crazy. It
outsold the con which is awesome. That's
like actually insane. It's so [__]
funny.
I really wish I could have been there.
Um the last like month has been
uh hell. It sucked, but um we're working
through it, so on and so forth,
etc., etc. But yeah, to be honest, it
was fun. If you had gone, it may have
not been the most pleasant experience
because it was really hectic. Mhm. It it
it may may not have been a positive
experience
uh to go through the stress that we were
all going through to get everything to
go. Um no, I get you. It was a It was a
weird experience. It was It was good.
Another village.
I just brought like five cows back, by
the way.
Getting some rails. But I might I might
go down to San Francisco again sometime
before the end of the year again just
for fun. Well, you should um come to the
food house show in San Francisco because
I'm opening for it. When's that? Um June
9th, I think. June 9th. Okay. I'll I'll
I'll look into I'll look into that
actually. Hell yeah. Because it's
literally going to be me. Yes.
It won't be the first time I've seen you
perform live though. That is true. And
it's not going to be too much different
to be quite honest. But it'll be fun to
hang out again. Yeah, more or less kind
of what I'm getting at. And I can we can
go to places that I'm extremely familiar
with.
Exactly. Like the San Francisco bro.
Yeah, the San Francisco.
Hyperpop road trip. Tracy Bricks
edition. Tracy Bricks edition. Road
trip. Tracy Breaks Edition.
You are all more than welcome to come to
San Francisco for one evening to watch
me play one show for Food House. Are you
there for like a weekend or just a one
night? Um if if we do end up planning
more then I'd love to be there for
longer truthfully. The [__] was that?
Doing a lot of show be able
to Tracy cuz you weren't at San Frern
when I was there last time. Wait, you
said what? I have a thing to give you. I
made all my friends things. Bring him to
a Yeah. Oh, well, I'm excited for thing.
Yeah. Hell yeah. Hell yeah. Hell yeah.
So, I'll see if I can work that into my
very busy unemployed schedule. Hey, what
the [__] is semi-employed? Sorry. No, I
get it. I'm I'm I'm quote unquote
semi-employed at the moment as well.
Mhm.
where I I have a job. They don't
schedule me. And for the last week, they
did schedule me, but I called out of
most of those days because I had to.
Mine's like I don't have an official
job, but I am I forgot about the mining
of art and stuff. So
Mhm. I want a new job so bad. I've only
had this job for like two months. I've
been job hunting since I moved here in
January. it it took me like a really
long time to to land something that I
don't like. So, I'm hoping that Yeah.
I'm hoping that it's one of those cases
where like it's easier to find a job
once you have one. Mhm. Um cuz that's
hunting is just a [__] in this economy,
too. In this economy, indeed, it is. In
this economy, it [__] sucks. every
[__] so many like establishments were
saying that the economy was up for the
last couple years
because every company was scrambling and
in the process they were just firing and
not hiring everybody and anybody um and
downsizing like everybody was downsizing
like crazy and that's the only reason
that the economy looked like it was
doing any good. Yeah. I graduated from
art school with an animation degree in
2022.
Yep. That I graduated from from music
school with a music tech degree in
2023. So, I get it. Yep. And I I don't
work in that field in any capacity. Yep.
But not like I really could anyway. But
seems whatever. Also, yeah. Uh, I have
done some clean up on friends and
projects and stuff, but I've I've
definitely done like music work. Wait,
but it's just been stuff that I found
myself. Chat, what are we calling this
[__] place? You should call
it No, don't call it that. Um, call it
the call it Fresno.
I already called Fresno in previous
server. Okay. Well, then call it I
wasn't in the previous interview. Call
it um call it Van Eyes. Oh god, what?
Yeah.
My My dad's a pilot. He flies into the
Vanise airport a lot. So you said that
and it was like a trigger. I was like,
"What? Huh? Where am I?" I literally
used to live right next to the Vanise
airport. So there's a good chance I saw
your dad's plane. That's scary. Yeah.
Your dad was my name in the sky when my
eye was was was nearby.
Wow, you're such a rhyming. Make a rhyme
anytime. Poet didn't even know it.
You literally write songs. That's just
poetry but with with music.
Poetry but with words.
That's just poetry with extra words.
That's just extra. You're a poet. That's
just extra happy.
I'm a poet. I'm actually writing a
poetry collection. Several of them. Uh
it started with one and then I kind of
spiraled.
Fair. Real. This is good to do
sometimes. Yeah. I need to finish my fan
fiction. We're not calling it We're not
calling it as best asai cuz that's not
the best.
Why don't you call it um Calvin?
Oh, Calvin's good. Calvin Kenneth.
Callvin Kenneth. Calvin Kenneth. here.
Why?
Like if you want it for fun.
Like sure, I get it. I think you're on
to something.
I'm say I'm on crack. I'm totally not.
Uh I think they're on. I'm not calling
it that. Mean you should call it that.
Actually, Bean was correct. That was the
objective correct answer. And you you
fumbled it.
Wait, what did Pan say? I don't even
remember anymore. Okay. Yay. Oh, it was
just pregnant react. Never mind. Oh,
okay. I'll call it pregnant React. Never
mind. It's been 20
seconds. Could it be? It's been 8,000
years since the war. Why is Why Why is
the unicorn skeleton fighting me? Stop
it. You know, it's one of those. Stop
it. Oh, they're fighting each other.
Pony jockey. Pony jockey. Pony jockey.
Spider jockey.
Why didn't they have that one in
there? I'm a little lost in the
Minecraft music is really loud. You can
turn it down. I'm a little lost. I can't
turn it
down. I'm really lost,
actually. Okay.
What are your coins? Kill yourself and
respawn. But I have stuff. Oh, I had
stuff, too. I died and then my stuff.
There's a mob spawner. Ah.
Eat the pork chop.
Stay away from me. Stay away from me,
you [__] Stop it. Stop. Stop. Stop.
Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop.
Stop. Stop. Begin. Begin. Begin.
Backed. God. Backed. God. Backed. shot.
Okay. Wait, how did I end up 2,000
blocks
away? Bean, you're already in the
Nether. How are you in the Nether? What?
I want the scary. What?
No. Wait. Stop it. Stop it.
Oh, real life death
noise. I
died. God. Why am I on top of a tree?
Get me down from
here.
[__] Where did my death point
go? How is it over there? That's so
close.
Bro, bro, bro, I must have walked in a
big circle or something to that effect.
Are you five serious, bro? Bro, I could
be four serious.
Oh, four serals by Sakuro. Four cereals
by Sakuro. Oh, I get it now. The day by
Sakuro.
By Saro. My favorite game. By Saro. By
Saro. Buy it. Dancing for you is an ant.
Something happened in 20 13. This is why
this ant dance is for you
guys. I'm lost
again and I can't see lost because
excessive.
You could say that. Ow. More of them for
you.
I'm going to get shot
again. I How again? Didn't worry. Wait,
how again? I think you mean Fred again.
Yeah, that was the wrong
Guys, I'm
scared. How are you still alive?
When I see Elon
Musk, I died again.
Whatever. I want to get my stuff back.
There's only one way to do it. There's a
crafting table in the middle of the
ocean. What's up with that? Oh, don't
touch it. It's just stairs. I've touched
it and now I think I'm poisoned. Yes. By
the ocean. I'm going to explode.
Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow.
Astronaut cake. Buy in the ocean. Oh,
what? What you know about? What's your
favorite ocean?
Um, the one with cake in it or buy it.
Okay. Yes. or not
chat. I have I have many a cooked food.
I have a chest with a bunch of cooked
food in it and anyone is free to take
any of it by the at the islands. At the
islands, I put a sign by it at the
islands.
It's like it's like next to the animal
cage. Please don't run after me. Please
don't run after me. Please don't run
after me. Please don't run after when I
see Scrappy Dude behind me at Mach 10.
Well, he's going.
Well, I'm growing. Well, I'm
growing. Don't explode.
Zi. Where do I go? Where do I go? Where
do I go?
Guys, why is Minecraft so stressful?
Always asking this. It's not. This is
the world's most relaxing video game.
I'm so relaxed that say that are [__]
liars. God damn it. I'm so relaxed.
God damn it. I'm so relaxed. God damn
it. I'm so relaxed. You don't even
understand how relaxed I am. I'm Did you
hear that? Breathe in, breathe out. In
through the nose, out through the mouth.
It's all a ploy. It's all synchronize
your breathing with the sense just like
a flashing light. Just like a flashing
[__] light,
please. Where did I die? Hey, my skull
is caving in on itself. Skull is a
mystery.
My skull is a quick skull. That's how
they got to replace all the Nahhem
musicians, by the way. Really? Oh,
because your mystery Mystery Skull is
famous for pony music, as you know. Mhm.
So, two things about that. Number one,
they were talking about like how they
didn't have enough money or whatever to
pay all the musicians and [__] and they
get mystery schools. Wonder how much
that cost. Um, number two, uh, they were
people on Twitter, the reaction to it
was like how like 90% of people being
like, "This is [__] Like, what are
you doing? Stop it." Um, and like the
10% of people who were going like,
"Well, the animator for mystery schools
did pony stuff back in the day." And
it's like, that's not not Yeah, sure.
Well, not really, but Okay.
Like I one of them drew a pony
once, you know. They they they tried it.
They tried it out. They like put on like
the first couple episodes and they said
that it wasn't for them. So like that's
that's got to count for something. One
of them has like been to a farm and seen
a horse.
Oh yeah, I bet. Wow. I remember.
You know they all name they all have
friends, right? Wait, that's a show.
Uh-huh. One of them's bed to like a
magic show with their friends. Y'all see
this? Y'all see this? Y'all see this?
I miss Arthur. Why did my Arthur have to
die? Where did Where's my stuff? Where's
my stuff, guys? I'm getting scared.
There should be a uh check that map.
There should be like a way marker or
death. Yeah, but I can't get back to it
somehow.
Um I don't have any torches. cuz I'm
running around a cave with nothing. Oh,
well, I don't know where you are now,
but I could have I'm in a cave and I'm
dying of lava.
Okay. Well,
there's lava burning me and I'm dying
from it. No, it's fine. You're fine. Oh,
steel. Dead steel. Okay. Do you need
torches? I have torches. Um, I want my
stuff back.
Uh, that's all I want. I don't remember
which waypoint. Do you want things on
the quest for your stuff back before you
leave? Um, no. I'm just going to go for
it. All right. Good luck. I got it. You
got it. I believe I got it. I'm a
Minecraft veteran. You're the Vonut of
the world. The the veteran.
The by Vonut Mafia by Fred again.
Wait, that's Tonka truck. I'm literally
Robuscus. Don't. He's Isn't he like bad?
Yeah, but that's why I'm verbuscus and
not tobuscus. Oh, yeah. See, does anyone
know why something really good is in the
sky?
Is in the sky? Why is it in him? Take it
out. No, in the sky. In the sky. I can't
look at the sky. I'm underground. That's
me. I'm blocking. The sky is where birds
are. Oh, I remember that about stuff and
things. No way. No, you don't. There's
no way. I could never remember anything.
Just kidding. You can remember.
Do you remember feel yet?
Feel yet? Have you lol yet today? Have
you lolled yet today?
Hello, friend.
Lol yet today.
Thanks, Borat.
No problem, friend. Very nice. Keep
lulling.
Like my helicopter.
Not really. Sorry, Zoe. No, you're No.
No. Keep going. No. You're doing great,
man. I'm gonna I'm gonna break my
monitor. I swear. My bro.
Dude, I'm going to die again. I can't
see again.
Have you tried playing the game better?
Well, I'm
trying. Have you tried giving up his
music drugs? Wait, I think I'm I think
I'm finding
it. I think I'm finding it. No, you
finding the music in you, O'Brien. I
like the sound of it.
Oh,
guys, I I I'm stuck again. I never mind.
I lost. It's not his name. It's Fred
again. Are you sure? I broke it and now
it's not here. His name is literally
Fredle Ghtle. His name is the Getter.
Wait, so if I had a torch?
You don't. I
don't. But I could.
Can I have a torch? Yeah, I'm okay. I'm
going to give you torches. Yay. Yay.
Yay. Hold on. Stay put, Verona. If you
move, then I'm going to get scared and
scream. Yay. Okay, I am going to stop uh
stream now and I'm probably going to get
off the Minecraft. Let's chill with
everyone else. Oh, he's fine.
I What time is it? It's like 2:30 a.m.
Uh, I might have to sleep. Sleep is good
for you. Sleep is No, it's like kind of
lame. Okay,
Tracy. Tracy, take my torches. Y'all
remember Trixie Luloon's? Rest in peace
Trixie Lulu's Twitter account. Wait,
where? Cuz that was the profile picture.
Uh, you're you're at the aisles, right?
Yeah, I'm by the crafting table cows.
Yes, I'm by the crafting table cows. I'm
by the crafting table cow. That's not
the sound cows make. I don't know why
that there's also shop now, too. Take
food if you want. I was Yeah. also going
to do this.
Why? Why do I have a a hoe in my hand?
For fun.
Goodbye everyone. Good night, Vonuts.
Good night.